Anywhere has got to be a better place than here, thought John.  He looked down at the razor blade in his right hand.  The sharp precise pains along his left arm held him from the depths of oppressive sadness.  He had been very careful to conceal each of the cuts.  In places they were cut in a precise pattern, in others they was just chaos.  But no matter where the cuts were, there was beautiful crimson blood.  It was okay.  He was careful to make none of the cuts too deep and they were high enough up his arm to be covered by the flannel shirts he wore in the winter.  Things at home were depressing and he cut himself to keep the depression from continuing its downward spiral.  He cut himself so that he would feel anything but sad, empty, and alone.


Anywhere had to be a better place than here and it was only after many sessions of this ceremonial mutilation that she appeared.  It happened late one night after his father got mad again, punched a hole in the kitchen wall, and tore off into the night.


She was beautiful, like an angel, but he knew she wasn’t one.  She took his hand and his pain was replaced with a wonderful tingling and a desire to know.  “Who are you?,” he stammered.  In an answer which was not really an answer she said, “I sensed your pain from far away.  You have been in much pain, not from the cuts but in your heart and I could no longer stand it.  I have come to take you from this place.  Come with me and you will have adventures you cannot even imagine.  Come with me and I will show you the powerful rivers of Wiej, the rocket towers of Osfy, the shining saphires of Shio, but first there is one thing that I must ask.”


“What is it?” He replied.  At this point there was really nothing that he would not do for her.  It had nothing to do with adventure.  Nothing to do with all of the intriguing places she spoke of.  It was for her.  She was so beautiful.  He knew that if she left without him, there would always be a huge aching hole inside him that could never be filled.  He wanted to lose myself in her from the first moment they met.  He would follow her anywhere.  Do anything she asked.  Just to spend more time with her.  To get to know her.  


“I need your help to rescue our kingdom, to rid our lands of the dark shadow that is coming and is come to my land and my people.  Because of your many talents, I believe that you are the one, the hero that will vanquish the darkness from our lands.”


“Yes...”


That was the last thing he remembered saying, “Yes.”   It was definitely an affirmative.  An answer that he would never regret no matter how hard it was to carry out the request.  No matter the pain.  No matter the hardship.  No matter what fears he must face.  And he would face them all.  But it is early in the story, and there is so much to cover.  So many wonderful details.  So much sorrow and so much to celebrate, but what must be told is the tale of a hero.  A hero that was in the beginning, but a boy.  A boy who was infatuated with a fairy princess.


After his “Yes,” the beautiful girl raised her hand and pointed her palm at his face.  From her hand came the brightest light he had ever seen.  A light that was so bright that it filled his vision not only with intense white light, but also with very intense white pain.  The pain filled his head and in a moment he lost consciousness.


He awoke on a sandy shore.  It was cold and the sand was damp.  He had not dreamed or had any thoughts at all.  He had simply lost consciousness one moment and then found himself on the sand the next.


Maybe I fell asleep, he thought.  Maybe this is just a dream.


Luckily, there was no pain remaining from the intensely bright light.  Sadly, there was also no beautiful girl.  The fairy princess was gone.  He was alone as far as he could tell.  He did not recognize the place where he was.  He had nothing but the clothes he had been wearing which were only sweats and tennis shoes.  If he had a chance, he would definitely have changed his clothing before travel.  He had a great backpack, tent, canteen, hiking shoes, lighter, and compass back home.  There was no point in mourning their lack now.  The one thing that was obvious from a very short look around, was that he was definitely not on Earth anymore.  For one thing, the sky was a light shade of purple.  For another thing, the trees were moving.  Instead of branches they had tentacles that waved in the air like the arms of a sea anemone waving with the ocean currents.


And then it began to rain.  At least the rain seemed to be water, he thought glumly.  He knew it could have been sulfuric acid or anything because it was obviously not Earth.  He was also glad that it at least meant there would be water to drink.  He knew he could not survive very long anywhere without water.  That made him think about the air.  It was definitely breathable, because he would be dead by now if it wasn’t.  Then he suddenly noticed that it was different.  He had a slightly buzzing feeling in his head much like he got when taking gas at the dentist office.  That was one of the things that made him actually like going to get a new filling.  That meant that the air must have something like nitrous oxide in it.  He definitely could live with that, but it scared him a little because he knew that it was more than just a little intoxicating.  He might easily make a bad judgement call that could place his life in jeopardy.  He was, after all, in a unknown environment no telling how far from home.  He already knew the trees moved.  What other differences could there be.  He would bet a lot of money that there were many more surprises in store.


How would he ever get home.  Did he even care about ever returning home.  He didn’t.  He knew that very quickly.  His mother would miss him, but she would be alright.  She did not rely on him for anything.  Then he remembered that the girl needed him.  He also knew that he needed her as much as she needed him.  He also knew that he needed the sense of purpose that she had given him.  He needed to be the hero that she seemed to want him to be.  But, where was she.  How would he find her.  He didn’t even know her name.


What should he do now.  He was unsure.  The boy scouts had taught him a thing or two about survival.  He knew how to build a lean-to shelter.  He knew how to build a fire.  He knew how to trap small game with an improvised trap.  Sadly, the boy scouts did not teach how to do that on another planet with moving trees, and a purple tinged nitrous oxide atmosphere.  He knew he had to get water, shelter, and food.  Those driving principles we be no different anywhere he found himself in the universe, that is unless he was running from a giant sabre toothed flesh eating monster.  He told himself not to think that way.  There was nothing he could do but run if he met something like that.  He wasn’t sure how well he could run breathing NO2.  The only experience he had with breathing laughing gas was lying down on a dentists chair while his teeth were being scraped or drilled.  Come to think of it, maybe that would reduce the pain if he was eventually eaten.  What a horrible thought.


The sandy shore was no place to stay.  After tasting the water, he found that as on Earth, the sea, ocean, or whatever it was had too much salt.  He also knew that if Earth had tides, this planet might also.  He didn’t know how high or low they might go, or what might come up out of the ocean in the night.  At least there appeared to be one sun.  There also did not appear to be a moon.  At least not right now.


Considering his options, he decided to move on.  He wanted to locate the all-important food, water, and shelter, but most of all, he wanted to find the girl.  He knew that until he found her, she would always be more important to him than anything else.  After deciding to move on, his problem was where to go.  He could at least rule out half of the directions because he was on the shore of what appeared to be an ocean.  Looking out as far as he could see, there was only water without end.  That made the decision pretty easy for him.  He split the difference, took the middle path and headed straight away from the water.  He headed directly inland.  He had his doubts about the trees.  There were so many inland that there was no way that he could get anywhere without passing one.  He approached the trees very slowly and with a very real caution because of all of the terrible things that he imagined those massive creatures could do.  As he passed the first moving tree, he was relieved to find that it did not lash out at him or attempt to grab him with one of its waving tentacles that were where the branches of an Earth tree would be.  He walked on.


At least he was moving now.  That was something.  By this time he had come to accept the fact that this was real.  It was not a dream. It couldn’t be.  it was just too real. Everything was fairly consistent in its weirdness.  He had no special powers.  He couldn’t fly.  He could pinch himself, close and open his eyes and the like and it acted like a reality.  So, he had eventually come to accept it.


He had some experiences with very real dreams.  They were called dreams of realization or dreams of knowledge.  Whatever they were called, it just meant knowing in the dream that you are dreaming.  The thing was that he could usually find some problem with the reality, some inconsistency, things lurking in the corners, sudden shifts of perspective.  In most of them he could fly or at least jump up and slowly float down like a feather.  Yes, this is definitely real, he decided.  If he got hurt here, he would really get hurt.  Or, even worse, if he died here, he would really die.  That was something that he definitely did not want to do.  Even though he cut himself, it was just for the pain to focus his mind and take his mind of the horrible things happening around him.  He was always careful not to cut too deep.  He was really careful not to cut over a vein.


As he walked along he payed close attention to his environment.  It was so different from Earth and yet very much the same.  There was still ground and sky.   Trees and grass.  As long as he overlooked the color differences, the movement differences, and the smell differences, just unfocussed his eyes a bit it was almost like a hike in the woods at home.


He came upon a stream.  Now was the moment of truth.  He would definitely have to take a drink of the water.  If he couldn’t drink the water here, he would never survive.  He knelt down slowly and looked into the stream.  It looked okay.  The water was clear and moving.  The bottom of the stream was covered with worn rocks and pebbles.  He cautiously dipped the tip of his finger into the stream.  The water felt nice and cool.  And, best of all, the tip of his finger did not dissolve like it had been dipped in an acid bath.  When he thought about it, it would have been a great idea to dip something else besides his finger into the water first.  It was probably a risky move.  He brought his wet finger up under his nose and took a brief sniff.  He couldn’t smell anything.  Then he met his fingertip with his tongue.  He couldn’t really taste anything.  Well, might as well, he thought to himself as he filled his hands with water.  He had remembered an old story about a way to choose an army was to bring them to drink and pick the guys that filled their hands and drank from them instead of putting their lips to the surface of the water.  Was that Sun Tzu, the Tao Te Ching, the Bible, or what.  He really couldn’t remember.  It made sense though.  At least he could keep an eye out on his surroundings.  He took a cautious sip.  The water actually tasted good.  It was like some of the best spring water he had ever had.  Nice.  He wouldn’t mind that.  Now if only he had something to put it in, but he didn’t.  That was when he decided to just follow the stream.


Downstream probably fed into the ocean where he had come from.  So he decided to go upstream.  That was probably the best way to go, he reasoned.  He walked on for about an hour before he came to a clearing.  He cautiously left the woods behind.  It was a little scary coming out into the open.  This planet might have dragons or something.  He didn’t know if something would come swooping down out of the sky, scoop him up, and take him back to an engulfing nest full of baby dragons that would devour him as a mid-morning snack.  He shook off the thought.  He had to be more positive, otherwise he would just hide in a crevice somewhere and starve to death.


Just as he got several hundred yards out into the opening he saw something approaching from the horizon.  It looked a lot like a band of men on horseback  They were coming fast and kicking up quite a lot of dust.  He was immediately very scared.  He contemplated running and looked back toward the wood from which he had come.  It was so far, there was no way he could make it before the caught up with him.  He decided to stand his ground and wait for their arrival.  He changed his mind several times as they approached.  Each time, the men were closer and he had even less time to reach the woods.  His situation became more and more dire and he was convinced that he would die.  These were some of his last breaths.  Some of his last thoughts.  Everything that he wanted to do with his life would go undone.  And, worst of all, he would never see the girl again.  Never talk to her again.  Never become the hero that she wanted, that he could become.


The men on horseback arrived.  They did look like men.  There were definitely differences between what he thought of as horses and what the men were riding.  For one, they had 6 legs.  For another, they had an ugly gaping mouth surrounded by tentacles.  But he could hardly think about details like that right now.  He was once again thinking about running, only now he knew it was quite hopeless.  It would be him against what, 10 men on horseback.  And now he noticed that they had things that definitely looked like weapons.  Sharp pointy, metallic, mean looking things of all different sizes.  At least, he thought, it didn’t look like they had anything that looked like a projectile weapon, no lasers, or phasers, or even anything that looked like a light sabre.  With that thought he almost laughed.  It was probably a good thing that he didn’t.  Laughing would have probably brought immediate death.


He did the only thing he could think of.  He raised his hand in the universal symbol of greeting.  It also showed that he held nothing in his hand and was unarmed.  Surprisingly, it seemed to work.  The men on horseback did exactly the same thing and smiled.  The one in front that he was already thinking of as the leader even smiled.  Then he raised up a bit, turned to the man beside him and said something and the other man said something in return.  And then they laughed.  That he could understand.  It also made him very uncomfortable.  Laughter as a greeting was normally a bad thing.  Too bad the language they were speaking wasn’t English.  At least it sounded like a human language, something that could be leaned by a normal guy from Earth, given enough time.  Maybe he could spend some time with these men, getting to know them, pick up their language, and swap stories of their different lives and worlds.  Maybe he could contact the guys at Rosetta Stone and get them to quick ship a special edition.  That brought a little smile to his face that didn’t last long.


Three of the men in front grabbed what looked like whips and lashed out with them so quickly that there was no way he could react.  They were good with those things.  And it hurt a lot.  He had done some playing with a bullwhip at his grandfathers.  He really wanted to learn how to crack it over his head like a man he saw in the Christmas parade every year.  He had a lot of sessions with the thing at his grandfather’s house.  He got better each time, but he always hit himself several times and got long painful whelps from it.  He saw them as a badge that he had earned and showed them off to his friends at school.  There was definitely a difference between accidentally hitting himself when trying to crack the whip over his head and having 3 full grown men directly target him.  The pain was excruciating.  He knew that he would have at least 3 scars that would circle his entire body.  He also immediately knew that he was immobilized.  One of the whips wrapped him at his elbows, one at his wrists, and one at his knees.  It was almost as if they practiced this particular maneuver since they birth morning night and day.  He was at their mercy and could not move without falling down.  As he writhed in pain, he did fall to the ground and writhe around for some time hollering.  Well, at least he hadn’t pissed himself or cried like a baby.  That was something.  Okay it wasn’t comforting, but he had to hold onto every little piece of dignity that he could.


The leader jumped down off his horse while holding his whip.  Then all three men quickly jerked their whips very hard which simultaneously rolled him violently across the ground and freed him from their hold.  He knew better than to run, besides it still hurt so much that he could hardly think.  The leader walked over to him and looked him over carefully.  He was definitely a big one.  Covered in some kind of animal hide.  And he smelled.  Boy did he smell.  Nasty brute.


Then he knelt down and grabbed the boy by the wrist and pushed back his sleeve.  He looked at the cuts on his arm.  It was almost as if he had expected them to be there.  How could he have known?  He was a primitive on another planet.  There was no tenderness, but he could tell that the leaders demeanor had somehow shifted.  He hadn’t become a Florence Nightingale or anything, but he got the read from him that his life was not in danger.  That was at least assuring.  Of course, they could commit a lot of atrocities on him without actually killing him.


The leader tied his hands together and then tied that by a rope to his horse.  The boy immediately recognized what was going to happen.  They were all going to ride while he walked.  Or at least he hoped that he would be able to walk.  If the went to fast he would fall.  If they went too fast and he fell, then he might not be able to get up and he would drag along the ground.  He had seen cowboys get dragged in westerns on TV.  It did not look like fun.  He knew he could really get hurt.


The leader got onto his horse.  There were no stirrups, so he just jumped onto it like an Apache mounting a horse bareback.  These guys seemed to be kind of like Indians actually.  From now on he would think of them this way.  The leader said something and the group started moving.  Luckily for the boy, the went fairly slowly back the way they had come.  The Indians talked among themselves.  He couldn’t understand a word they were saying, but at least they didn’t sound mean.  They would stop from time to time to let him rest.  They boy did not understand why they didn’t set him behind or in front of one of them on their mounts.


During one rest break he tried to make motions to suggest that they do just that.  He was tired of walking.  But they didn’t seem to understand or at least they did not want him up with them.  Maybe they didn’t trust him.  Maybe he smelled as bad to them as they did to him.  While walking along and wondering where they were going a strange idea came to him.  He noticed the mounts did not have bridles or tack of any kind.  They almost moved as if rider and beast were one.  Could they be conveying their directions through touches or maybe the way they leaned or the way they gripped with their thighs.  The movement was just too uncanny for him to believe that there was not some kind of telepathic component.  He had always thought there was no such thing as telepathy, but then again he never thought that he might meet a fairy princess from another planet and be transported to he home world to protect her from an encroaching darkness either.  


The boy thought that they had been travelling at least half a day when he saw what had to be their village off in the distance.  As they got closer, he could make out the architecture.  Because they were so primitive and like the Indians of Earth, he had half expected to see tepees, wigwams, or even caves.  What he saw was incredible.  Their dwellings appeared to be made of a combination of adobe and precious gems.  The dwellings were not shaped like pueblos.  They looked like they were built by the team of Gaudi and Suess.  There were no straight lines and everything was ornate.  There were no doors, just openings of various sizes.  Some openings were just holes, others looked like arched doorways.  It was actually kind of beautiful in a very overly ornate kind of way.  These people would probably like paintings of Elvis on black velvet, he thought.  The leader athletically dismounted still holding the lead rope that was tied to his wrists.  Then he turned away from the boy with the rope over his shoulder and began walking toward the edge of the village.  It didn’t take long before he could tell exactly which building they were headed toward.  It was much like the other buildings only more ornate, gaudy, and a little bigger.  As they approached, from out of the shadow of the doorway stepped a little man with very unkempt hair and a beard that almost reached his knees.  He looked much older than the men who had kidnapped him.  Was he the village chief or the village witchdoctor.  The boy didn’t know.  He was lead to the old man and then the rope was untied from around his wrist.  The old man turned around to go back inside the building while motioning that the boy should follow.


With nothing better to do, the boy walked into the darkness that was inside the building.


The castle stood out from the plain.  It was huge and glorious.  The architecture was similar to that of the tribal village only it was much bigger and much more ornate.  La Sagrada Familia would definitely feel at home on this world.


The girl woke up slowly as the sun rose and the warm yellow glow filled her bed chambers.  She looked much like an Earth girl of 13.  She had long yellow hair, blue eyes, and a thin athletic body.  She was wearing a simple white dressing gown.  She sat on the edge of her bed and had a slow sensual stretch.  She reached for a little silver bell by her bedside.  Immediately after she rang it, another girl appeared.  She was a little older and a little heavier.  Her hair was curly and brown and her eyes were hazel.  “Good morning, miss,” said the servant.  “I hope you had pleasant dreams this night.”


“I don’t quite remember,” said the girl.  She appeared to concentrate.  “I feel like it was something important.  I always have such a hard time remembering my dreams, especially the important ones.  I think it had something to do with ruby red shoes.”   She giggled a bit because she obviously knew that shoes were not a very important thing to dream about.


“No matter, miss,” said the servant.  “No dream can be more important than the meeting set for today.  Oh, miss, you must be so anxious to meet him.”  The servant girl set to laying out a dress, under garments, and shoes.  After the girl had used the chamber pot, the servant helped the girl get dressed and brushed out her hair.  “Your mother and father will be waiting for you at breakfast.  You’d best be along now.”


“Thank you, Marie.  You are probably right.  I should hurry down.”  At that, the girl left the room.  Marie emptied the chamber pot out the window.  Then she made the bed and tidied the room.  She thought about the dream she had last night.  The one about a young man.  He lived in a strange place.  He was in pain of some kind.  She could not quite remember what had happened after that no matter how hard she tried.  Marie stayed quite busy during the day performing her duties.  She spent most of the morning doing her lady’s wash.  There was also much work to do cleaning, caring for the ornamental gardens, and preparing for the feast that night.  The men were returning after being gone for many days.  The king had been on a hunt.  The rumor was that they had been very successful and there would be a big feast that night to celebrate.


Marie got a chance to get away for a few minutes in the mid afternoon.  She hurriedly ran to her room and shut the door.  She would have licked to deadbolt the door, but she was not allowed one.  She lit the candle on the wobbly table in the corner.  Then she took a dried seed from her pocked and placed it on the table as well.  She looked at the seed for a while.  She stared at it.  She concentrated more.  It moved.  She had done it a few times before.  The first time was an accident.  Each time she got better at invoking the feeling inside her head that made it happen.  It was a very strange feeling like turning a very small corner of her mind inside out.  It felt something like when she had been on the verge of loosing one of her baby teeth.  It was time for her to return to work again.  Psychokinesis was definitely known on her planet.  There were those with great control of it.  Those with the gift had done most of the heavy work of building the castle where she served.  The reason she kept her gift secret was that when someone with the gift was discovered, they were taken away to a place almost like a prison where they were forced to drill night and day to perfect the art.  She enjoyed the bit of freedom she had.  At least she had one day a week to do as she pleased.  She could still see the sun, hear the birds, and feel the meadow grass under her feet.  She would definitely keep it a secret, but she could not avoid the temptation of trying to improve her skills.


Her evening work in the kitchen began.  He task was to make the bread for the nights meal.  That would require a lot of bread and making so much bread was a great deal of work.  First she fetched some starter.  That was the most important thing.  The last time the starter had been ruined, it took a lot of work and experimentation before they managed to make good tasting bread again.  She mixed the ingredients for the first batch, then left it to rise while she mixed another batch.  After she had 6 batches of bread in different stages of rising she began the next step of beating the dough down and kneading it.  Because of all of the bread that she had made for the castle, she had very muscular arms.  She loved the release of kneading bread.  She also loved the taste of a warm loaf dipped in sweet wine.  As she made the bread she thought of everyone that would be enjoying it tonight.  She especially wanted to please the king.  He was a great leader and respected everyone who served him.  


After she made all of the loaves and put them in the oven she set about cleaning up the mess she had made.  It was very important to keep an eye on the bread as it rose and baked.  She wanted to get it just the right color with a nice crust and soft inner core.  As she sat and watched the bread she began to think.  She was worried about the men that had recently come to visit the king.  They were very different from her people.  They wore their hair much more closely cropped.  They smelled of flowers and medicine.  And they dressed in clothing that hugged their bodies much more tightly with no embroidery work, jewels, or other embellishments.  They also had tiny machines that she only knew some of the function of.  They talked to some of the little machines.  She wasn’t too afraid of those.  The machines she worried about were weapons.  When they used them, there were no projectiles.  They would point them at someone, and push a button and the person would drop to the ground in agony.


Because she had been deep in thought, she almost missed the right moment to remove the bread.  She chastised herself and then quickly got up and pulled all of the loaves from the oven.  All 12 loaves were perfect.  They were a beautiful golden brown and smelled wonderful.  Too bad she could not eat any of it fresh out of the oven.  She sure hoped that their were leftovers.


By that time, all of the other kitchen workers were well along the way to having all of the components of the feast ready.  There were great roasted beasts, platters of steaming vegetables, her bread and casks of wine.  For dessert there was blood pudding.  The servers began to take out the food and they could relax a bit in the kitchen.  There was the normal kitchen banter which she enjoyed at times, but she was more interested in what the hunting party had to say, so she got as close to the door as she dared to and strained her hearing to its utmost.


The king sat at the head of the table.  He was very regal looking with loose flowing, ornately decorated robes.  His hair and beard were white and freshly combed.  “A toast,” he announced loudly, “to my men and the challenges of the days ahead.”  All in the hall drank deeply.


“And what of the challenge,” said Sir Hanley.  “How can we stand up against the newcomers to this land.  They have so much technology, machines that help them fly, kill, and talk over great distances.”  At this, a murmur broke out in the hall.  Clearly others were concerned about the newcomers.  It was one thing to wage war against a neighboring kingdom with swords, whips, shields, and bows, it was another to wage war against a people who ruled the heavens.


“I am unsure that open conflict is necessary.  They have not openly attacked us,” the King said.  He knew that it was necessary.  He just wanted to ensure that his men agreed and understood all of the reasons behind his decision.  He knew that the newcomers were making raids in their flying ships.  He knew that they seemed to be minimizing the killing, but they had abducted some of his subjects.  They were usually young people, but other than that he could see no pattern.  That brought forth his anger again.  What were they doing with the people they were abducting?  To what dark purpose?  Being king he had to control his emotions and he was good at this.


“As yet, we do not know where they originate from,” said one of his men.  “Good idea, Justin. You and your men will be responsible for locating their home base.  You are right, without that knowledge, there is no hope of making an impact and stopping their raids.  As we have seen in the past, there is no way that we can make it to the site of one of their raids before they are gone.  I do not have to remind you that time is short.  You must proceed at once.  Gather as much information as you can.  Interview witnesses about where the ships seemed to have come from.  Follow the signs.  Do not do anything yet unless you are attacked and report back to me.  Any other information you gather about their strength, their numbers, their equipment, and the rest can only help us form a plan.  Our first priority is to protect the kingdom from further raids, our second is to return the abductees to their homes, the third...”  At this the king hammered the table loudly with a large metal goblet.  “is to hit them hard enough that they go back to where they came from and leave us alone.”  Thank you gentlemen.  You know the task at hand.  Justin must leave immediately, the rest of you return to your provinces and watch the skies.”


Marie quickly but quietly moved from the door and set about tidying up.  To outer appearances she seemed to be about the work of running the kitchen, but inside she was really shaken.  There had been rumors about the raids, but they were so confused that she gave them little credence.  She had assumed that it was just a normal band of brigands.  Maybe they were flashier or had better weapons.  She knew now that there really was a group of what the king had called newcomers.  They had flying machines and attacked the kingdom in quick raids, did little collateral damage, but took children for who knows what.  It also seemed that the children that were taken may have fledgling psychic powers.  Maybe they were being taken for their powers.  Her people trained psychics with the power of telekinesis for building and they trained those with telepathy for long range communications.  Most people had very limited telepathy and could communicate raw emotion and control mounts and draft animals for farming.  Perhaps, she thought, perhaps the newcomers used them for something else.  What could it be?  What other things could psychic powers be used for.  She vowed to find out.  She would develop her powers as much as possible and experiment to find other things that they could be used for.  Making a dry seed hop was definitely not what the newcomers were looking for.  Anything that could be accomplished using non-psychic techniques would be worthless to them.  Anything that could be done with their technology would be worthless.


That night at bedtime she hoped to try a few things, but she was so tired that she had to just go to sleep.  It seemed to take mental energy to do things with her psychic powers.  The next free time she had was during her free day.  That morning she arose early.  She quickly put on her rough dress, rinsed he face and mouth and tiptoed to the kitchen.  She found some old bread and cheese and wrapped them for a hike.  She left the castle and headed for the nearby wooded area.  She would stop every so often and listen very carefully to see if she was being followed.  The only noises she heard were easily identifiable as the local flora and fauna.  She could hear the regular swooshing sound as the trees waved their branches high up in the air filtering for food.  She heard the regular skittering of tiny six legs as they dug about on the forest floor for something to eat.  She could hear the tittering as four wings dodged in and out of the moving tree branches.


After a couple hours of hiking she made it to her favorite spot.  There was a large rock that formed a natural chair that she loved to sit on.  It was against the base of a large tree.  Whether the tree was there first or the rock was there first she did not know.  She assumed it was the rock.  There was also a nearby stream which bubbled past several stones and made a very pleasing gurgling sound.  She sat on the rock and stilled her mind for several moments.  She had learned that that helped her to exercise her talent.  She took one last look around before she began.


First she organized her thoughts of how she would experiment.  She had spent a lot of time recently thinking of what she would do.  Her work kept her very busy physically, but it did not take much effort mentally.  Just yesterday, as she was sweeping the hearth of one of the castles many fire pits, she had the idea that she did not need to constrain her telekensis to solid objects.  What if she tried to move something like water?  She determined that after a short warm up she would try that.  The idea intrigued her.  What could she do if she could move water?  She knew that if she could move a pebble, and built her strength, she could move the massive stones that were used to build.  If she could move a drop of water, what would it mean to do it on a grand scale?  She took a small pebble in her hand and concentrated on that mind-twisting feeling.  The pebble jumped from her hand like a captured six hopper jumping to freedom.  The mental gymnastics that it took to move a small object was coming more quickly to her as she had practiced over the last year.  She still remembered that first dry seed that she had moved in anger when she had to clean up a mess that one of the other servants had made.  She picked up another pebble and concentrated again.  This time she tried to control and maintain the feeling.  Before long the pebble was hovering just above her palm.  How wonderful, she thought as she smiled broadly.  With that the pebble shot off in a random direction and hit a nearby tree with a loud thunk.  The noise surprised her.  How could such a small pebble cause such a large noise?  Why, it must have hit a tree.  She searched the area in the general direction of the noise and before long she found it.  The pebble had actually embedded into the tree.  What if she could do that on purpose?  What if she could send a pebble wherever she wanted?  What if she could send it faster?  What if she sent a hand full of pebbles?  What if she could do the same with rocks, or even boulders?  Then she got a little scared.  What if others could do the same thing?  What if they had already developed the power?


By the time she had gotten to where she could direct a pebble to where she wanted it to go, the sun was high overhead and she was famished.  She opened her lunch of bread and cheese on a the rock next to her.  The bread was a bit moldy.  There were several fuzzy spots that she picked off and threw to the ground.  The cheese was the same way.  It was funny that some people thought you could not eat cheese or bread with fuzzy spots.  To her, the cheese was even better after it had aged and developed more tartness. The food was hardy and filling.  The spot was all that she could hope for.  She also had half a day before she had to return to the castle and back to the mundane routines of her work.  She still felt a little weak because of the mornings exercises.  She decided to lay back and close her eyes for a minute to regain her strength.  Moments after she closed her eyes, she was fast asleep.


It was very dark inside the old man’s dwelling.  After taking a step or two inside the doorway, John had to stop until his eyes adjusted.  There were no fires or candles or lights of any kind inside the room.  The only light came from the doorway.  Just as his eyes began to adjust, the old man closed a curtain over the doorway and the interior of the room got even darker.  The old man grabbed his hand and began leading him across the room.  Hopefully, either the old man can see better in darkness or he had the room committed to memory.  It was probably a little bit of both.  Before they got halfway across the room, his eyes adjusted to the darkness and he could make out hazy forms and shapes.  It was more than a little creepy.  What he would have given for a flashlight, a lamp, a cellphone screen, a glow stick.  That was funny, he thought.  He would love to see the look on the old man’s face as he pulled out a glow stick, bent it, shook it, and the thing filled the room with its eerie greenish light.  He freely smiled because he figured there was no way that the old man could see his face.


Then the old man did something incredible that took the smile completely from his face.  He immediately knew that a glow stick would not amaze the old man in the least.  The old man spoke slowly in a sing song kind of voice.  John still had no idea what the man said, but he could see that the old man had raised his hands and they had begun to glow.  The shaman spoke more words and the glow brightened and then lifted from his hands.  She kept chanting and the glow spread around the room as he began to gyrate his hands above his head.  Then the old man got quiet and lowered his arms.  The glow in the room remained.  It was not even everywhere.  There were little pockets that were brighter.  There were also little twinkling lights in the darkness that looked much like stars.


Because he was distracted by the light show, he did not notice the movement of the shaman.  When he looked down from the ceiling and noticed the shaman again, he was inches from his face looking straight into his eyes.  The glow of the room was reflected in his eyes.  The sudden realization that he was so close and the spookiness of the whole thing startled John so badly that he gave a startled noise and jumped backward knocking over something that he could not clearly see.  Not that he would look away from the old man to see.  He wanted to keep his attention focused to see what the old man would do next.


What happened next was not the old man doing anything physically, it happened inside his head.  At first he felt a surge of curiosity from the old man and then his mind was filled with a voice that he knew was the old man’s.  He would have disbelieved because it was so real that he had to believe.  The old man said, inside his head “Hello, Stranger.  I am sorry if you were mistreated, but we do not know who to trust these days.  I know that you come from another world far away.  At this he pointed to one of the twinkling stars in the room.  You are far from home.  I am going to work on your mind a bit.  This communication is taking a lot of my power.  On our planet, it is possible to communicate between minds.  After investigating your mind, I can tell that you have the capability to communicate this way even though it is not used on your planet.  You are far from home and the language is different from yours.  It could take a lifetime for you to learn the language, or with a bit of help from me I can enable you to follow the emotional and symbolic subcontext that is transmitted telepathically along with the spoken word.  This will enable you to at least fully understand what others on my planet are saying.  Also, it will enable you to learn to speak the language at a much higher rate.”  With this final communication, the old man began to chant again.  As he did, he raised his hands to Johns temples.  John felt it.  He did not know what it was, but it was definitely something inside his head.  The old man then said, “I want to talk more to you, to learn about where you come from.  For now, I am very tired and must rest.”  After that the light faded and John quickly walked out of the room.


The light outside was blinding as he stepped through the doorway.  Once again he had to stop and let his eyes adjust.  He shut his eyes to get a little relief.  When he opened them once again, one of his captors was standing right in front of him.  His looked like quite a brute.  He was about 6 inches taller and 100 pounds heavier than John.  He opened his mouth and spoke and strangely, John could understand his words.  “Wise old man likes you.  You like wise old man?”  This caught John a little off guard.  He understood what the old man said that he did to him, but he just could not believe that it was possible.  The proof was staring him in the face, and talking to him, and he understood it.


“Yes, I do like the old man.  At least I think I do.  At least he didn’t tie me up and drag me on a death march while laughing at me.”  The barbarian stared at him blankly.  I guess it was a little complex for you to understand, he thought.  So, he simply said, “Yes,” and the barbarian seemed to understand.  He actually smiled, shook his head up and down, slapped him on the back, and walked off.  John was left with no escort.  He did not know what to do.  Was he still captive?  Could he run off if he wished?  Could he stay?  The important question was, could he get something to eat?  He was starving.  It had been a long time since supper the night before.


He wandered around a bit until he caught a whiff of the most delicious scent.  It smelled a lot like bacon, one of his favorite smells (and tasty meats).  After a bit of investigation he found the source of the smell.  There was some kind of animal roasting on a spit over red hot coals.  It sure smelled good and as he got closer, he got even more hungry.  He walked up the spit.  On closer examination, the animal flesh on this planet looked very much like that one earth.  The biggest difference was the number of legs.  It seemed that most critters on this planet had 6 legs instead of the 4 that animals had on Earth.  In his hunger, he reached out to the tasty meat.  In his haste, he did not notice the old lady next to him who promptly slapped his hand.  “Wait to eat with the others,” she said.  He could tell that she was not pleased.


“I have not eaten since I came to this godforsaken planet,” he said.  She gave him a blank stare followed by a scowl.  Oh, sorry, he thought.  I have got to remember to keep it simple.  “Hungry,” he said.  He could tell that she understood.  “Still, you must wait.  Wait until the evening meal for meat.  For now...,” she said as she reached into a basket nearby, “take this bread.  It should fill your belly for now.”  She handed him the bread.  He was glad to have it, but then he noticed that it was covered in fuzzy patches that appeared to be mold.  He grimaced and said, “moldy!”


The old lady grabbed the bread and bit a substantial hunk out of it.  She chewed and swallowed, then said “Good for you!”.  She handed the bread back and walked off.  He looked down and then said to himself, “Great, now it is old moldy bread that an old lady took a bite out of.”  He was so hungry that he took a bite.  If an old lady could swallow it, then maybe so could he.  After he had swallowed the first bite, he realized that it was not really that bad.  What could a little mold do to you.  It seemed to give the bread a little twang, but it had a weird taste anyway.  This planet obviously had a grain analog to Earth wheat, but it was not exactly the same thing.  After a while the food here would seem normal to him and Earth food would seem to have a strange taste.  That is if he ever did get back to Earth.  He thought about his mom’s cooking.  His favorite meal was a close tie between chili and enchilada pie.  He would love to have either right now.  Even if it was leftovers.  He slowly chewed the bread and tried to figure out what to do.


He was far from home on another planet.  All he had was his sweats and tennis shoes.  And, of course, himself and his brain.  He also still had purpose.  He was still driven to find the girl and try to help her with the threat that she had talked about.  How would he find her?  He could not search an entire planet.  Hopefully the fates that had delivered her to him, then him to her planet, would take the extra step and somehow help him find her.  That was really his only hope.  For now, he would try to survive and keep moving.


As he was contemplating what to do, who should walk up but the old shaman.  What could he want now, thought John.  “Come, help me gather the flowers,” said the old man.  Sure, gather flowers, that soundslike fun old man, thought John.  At least it was something to do.  The old man had at least done something for him by making him able to understand the locals.  He felt a little like he owed the old man something.  Why not?  He followed the old man out of the camp.  They had only walked for about five minutes when the old man stopped and pointed to a small stumpy little plant with a single tiny bloom on it.  He said, “Here is a flower.”  He reached down, said “Thank you” and plucked the flower.  He held it under his nose and sniffed, then he put the flower under John’s nose and said, “You smell it.”  John did and nearly passed out.


For such a small flower it had the most incredibly powerful smell.  It smelled like ammonia, nutmeg, and lemons mixed together, boiled down, and then burned.  The old man put the flower into a bag he had on a strap over his shoulder, then he took off the bag and hung it over John’s shoulder and said, “Fill it.”  John noticed that there were many of the small plants within eyesight, but the bag was so big and then flowers were so small that he knew it would take until nightfall to fill it.  He began picking the flowers and filling the bag.  The old man stayed with him, but did not pick anymore flowers.  He just followed along and smiled a lot.  He could not tell if the old man was smiling because he thought it was a beautiful day, or he loved the smell of the tiny flowers, or if he was smiling because he had tricked a stranger into doing his work for him.


Around the time the bag was half full and John was reaching down to pluck another flower, the old man said “be very still.”  The old man was pointing at a small six-legged creature nearby with very sharp looking teeth.  The old man took a dagger from his belt, slowly aimed, and threw it quickly in an overhanded throw.  The knife neatly cut off one of the creatures legs.  The creature made a sharp noise and then ran away quickly.  The old man went to retrieve his knife.  He said, “the smell of the flowers brings them out.  You have so many now you must keep a careful watch.  I am here with you, so you will be okay.”  They continued their meandering hike and slowly the bag filled, but not before the sun had sunken to reach the horizon.


They returned to camp with the bag of flowers.  The old man led him once again to his house.  They walked into the darkened doorway.  This time the old man walked over and lit a fire pit.  Even though the fire pit cast more light the the magical glow and planetarium show that lit the room before, there were still a lot of dark corners.  There were also a lot of shelves, not filled with books.  They were filled with jars of lots of unidentifiable things.  There were big jars and little jars.  Some of the jars were clear like glass, some of them were earthenware and completely opaque.  There were also smells that he didn’t remember from before.  Yes, this guy definitely fit the mold of a shaman or witchdoctor of some sort.  The flowers were definitely not being gathered to make beautiful garlands to hang around peoples necks like the leis of welcome used by the people of Hawaii.  The flowers were also not being cultivated to make a strange perfume of some sort.  They smelled bad for perfume.  The smell was much closer to that of a household cleanser like Ajax, Comet, ammonia, or bleach.  He would bet they would be used in some sort of ceremony.  Maybe it would be something like the peyote ceremonies of the plains Indians back on Earth.  Maybe a vision quest or something.  The idea was intriguing, but also scary at the same time.  The closest John had been to that type of experience was a single hit that he had taken from an offered joint behind the stands at the high school football game a couple of months ago.  It made him feel good.  Very good in fact, but there were no visions.  No altered vision of any kind.  The nitrous atmosphere on this planet made him feel much the same way.  How would it make you feel to smoke weed on a planet with a nitrous oxide atmosphere.  The old man motioned him over to a table.


“Watch me,” he said.  He took down a mortar and pestle off a shelf.  They both looked like they were carved from stone or marble.  The mortar was a bowl about the size of a cereal bowl.  The pestle was about the size of a chicken drumstick.  The old man took a hand full of flowers from the bag and put them in the mortar.  He carefully ground the flowers into a pulp.  “The flowers must be ground to this consistency,” he noted and showed the contents to John.  Next he brought out a large wooden bowl and scraped the contents of the mortar into it.  He then handed the mortar and pestle to John and said, “Now you try.”


John pulled a handful of flowers from the bag and started to add them to the bowl.  “Not too many,” said his teacher.  John put a few back, then started to dump the remaining flowers in his hand into the bowl.  The old man said, “Not too few.”  John looked a little puzzled, then took a pinch of flowers from the bag and added them as well.  “Ah, just right.  Continue.”  John began to crush the flowers into pulp.  It was actually more difficult than it looked.  The old man was obviously practiced at it.  Some of the flowers stuck to the sides and did not get smashed at first.  It took a lot of experimentation before he really got the hang of it.  The flowers had been ground to mush.  Satisfied, he started to scape the pulp into the big bowl.  The old man touched his arm and said, “more crushing.”  So John set the bowl back down and began crushing the flowers again.  He was starting to feel a little bossed around and frustrated, but he continued.  After a few more moments, he presented the contents to the old man for his inspection.  The old man peered into the bowl for several moments and then said, “it is good enough.”  John scraped the contents into the large bowl.


The old man smiled broadly, and then said, “Again.”  John understood what was going on now.  He was going to have to crush all of the flowers.  At this rate, it would take all afternoon.  The old man watched him do another batch, then once again he asked him to continue.  As John continued to crush flowers, the old man walked over near the fire pit and sat down.  Then he took a small pouch from around his neck.  John payed half attention to what he was doing and half to the old man.  He wondered what the old man had in the bag.


The old man took a pinch of something from the bag, put it under his nose and inhaled whatever it was.  He saw the old man’s eyes get really big in the glow of the flames and then suddenly the old man sneezed very loudly.  Something shot from his nose and into the fire which caused the fire to double momentarily in the pit and make a big crackling whooshing sound.  Ah, thought John, so they have snuff on this planet too.  He doubted that snuff on Earth would make flames leap like that.  Knowing that the old man was like a shaman suggested that the snuff was something more potent than tobacco.  Because he was paying attention to the old man and not to what he was doing, John barked his knuckles on the side of the mortar.  He jerked back and let out a little yelp.


The old man smiled broadly and made a motion to suggest that he was offering some of the snuff.  John shook his head no and then returned to the task at hand.  The old man simply sat and stared into the fire.  After a while, when John was about half done with the sack of flowers, the old man got up and came over.  He looked closely into the bowl and then said, “Good.  Keep going.”  He then left through the doorway.  At that John had second thoughts about finishing this job.  What was he doing? Why had the old man taken him in?  Should he finish this task, or run now while he wasn’t being watched?  He decided that he needed a friend on this planet so far from home.  He didn’t understand where he was, what geography surrounded him, what kinds of plants and animals there were, how to make shelter from a tree with tentacles instead of branches and so many other things.  He kept working.


After a while the old man returned.  He had something that looked very much like beef jerky.  He offered it to John and said, “Eat.”  John had second thoughts, but he had no other food to select from.  He had to eat some time.  He knew it.  So, he took the jerky.  He put it cautiously to his nose and took a sniff.  it didn’t smell too bad, but it didn’t smell anything like beef jerky either.  He looked at the old man.  Surely he was not playing some kind of practical joke.  He decided then that he trusted the old man.  He didn’t trust anyone else in the village.  Especially the brutes that force marched him here, but he did trust the old man.  He said, “Thank you,” and then took a cautiously small bite.  He immediately made a face like he had eaten a very bitter pickle.  It definitely didn’t taste like a pickle.  What it tasted like was the special nail polish that is used to try to train a kid not to bite their nails.  John knew this because he had a problem of sucking his thumb as a kid.  His mother had bought some of the bitter nail polish to try to break him of it.  In the end, it didn’t work.  He would fall asleep, and then suck his thumb in his sleep.  Evidently, he thought, your taste buds are disconnected in sleep.  He would wake up still sucking his thumb with the taste in his mouth.  He got used to the taste and actually kind of liked it.  His mother gave up and quit painting his thumb before bedtime.


He had eventually quit thumb sucking in high school.  He had done it by tying his hand to the head of the bed before sleep each night.  It was hard to go to sleep at first, but he eventually got to where he could go to sleep and after several weeks got used to not sucking his thumb.  When he stopped tying his hand up to the bed, he found that he had stopped sucking his thumb.  He was so relieved.  It would have been awful to be caught by a room mate is college or a lover later in life.  So, because of his experience with bitter nail polish, the jerky was actually a little enjoyable.  The old man told him to chew slowly to get all of the energy from the six foot, so he did, and he found that the rest of the batch of flowers went much more quickly.  He finished.  He was a little proud of the large bowl of paste.  The old man went over to the shelves and picked up a large corked vessel.  What was in the mouth of the jar might not have been cork, but it served the same purposed.  He came over to the table and uncorked the jug.  John could smell it immediately.  This had to be something like alcohol.  The old man picked up the pestle and then stirred the flower pulp as he slowly added the alcohol.  It took a while, but when he was done, the old man seemed satisfied.  It felt like it had taken a long time to make the flower slurry.  John hoped that it was worth it.  


The old man led the way out of his fancy pueblo and into the center of the village.  It was dark and there was a large fire pit that was fully aflame.  The heat from the fire was impressive, but necessary against the frigid night air.  John’s back was freezing and his chest was to hot.  Somewhere in the middle, his insides were just right.  The men who had captured him where surrounding the fire.  They were all talking and joking.  They also all seemed hungry.  John suddenly had the fear that they were all cannibals and he would be the main course.  His fears were soon relieved because the old lady who had fed him earlier came leading two men carrying the meat that she was cooking earlier.  They mounted it on a stand near the fire.


Each of the men came in turn and cut off a hunk of meat.  They seemed to somehow know what the order was.  They did not eat, but only held their portion.  He could tell that they wanted to devour the meat, but for some reason they kept holding it.  John could not tell if the order was based on seniority or size or even how hungry they were.  What he really wondered was when his turn would be.  After everyone but he and the old man had taken a portion of meat, the old man motioned for him to follow.  He went up and cut a hunk of meat for himself and then John.  This was a little confusing, because he had assumed that the old shaman was a kind of leader.  It was strange for the leader to eat last.  Then he realized that the leader had cut a portion for him last.  Maybe he was now an important guest instead of a prisoner.  He said, “Thank you,” and took a bite.  Immediately everyone began eating.  The meat tasted much like the jerky he had eaten earlier, only more bitter and more juicy.  He also noticed that they did not drink.  John was so used to drinking while eating that he found it very strange to just eat something with only saliva to wash it down.  He realized that it did encourage complete chewing.  He turned to the old man and said, “Why...”  the old man immediately put his hand up to stop the talking and shook his head.  I guess they do not talk while eating, thought John.  The all continued to eat in silence until everyone was finished.  As they got down to only bones remaining, they would throw the bones into the fire.


With a full stomach, John realized it had been a long day and he was tired.  He wanted somewhere to lie down and just sleep for a long time.  He had started this crazy experience in the middle of the night on Earth, then he was transported to this place, then he hiked in a strange wood, out into a prairie, was captured by barbarians, taken captive, tied up and forced to march to this village, taken in by a shaman, tediously ground flowers all afternoon.  No wonder he was so tired.  Then the old man turned to him and said, “Bring the bowl of elixir.”  He had to be referring to the concoction that they had worked on all afternoon.  For a moment, John thought he was too tired to do one more stupid thing for the old man.  Then he got up to get it, hoping that it would be the last thing asked of him for the night.  He realized that he had forgotten which direction to go in.  He looked back at the shaman.  The old man was pointing in the direction of his pueblo.  John walked to the house.  The fire pit was still lit, so he could see enough to get the large bowl.  It was pretty heavy.  He was very careful when carrying it back.  For one thing he knew how much work he had put into making the stuff, for another, he had a sense that the contents were very important to them all.


He made it back to the group without spilling any of it and handed it to the old man.  John wondered just how nasty it could taste based on how bad those flowers smelled.  The old man walked to a spot near the center of the group, close to the fire.  The heat of the huge fire must be terrible where he was standing, thought John.  The shaman lifted the bowl slowly over his head and said only one word, “Prepare!”  Then he threw the bowl and its contents into the fire.  The flames rose twice as high as they had been and then smoke began to fill the area.  As the smoke touched each person, then fell down like they were asleep, or even dead.  John was worried and he didn’t have much time before the smoke reached him.  He started to get up, but found a familiar hand on his shoulder holding him down.  It was the old man.  The last thing that John saw before he lost consciousness was the smile of the old man and the twinkling stars overhead.


Marie was dreaming.  She had no idea why she knew it was a dream, but it was definitely a dream nonetheless.  She was flying at great speed and then landed in a grassy field.  It was full of flowers and a gentle breeze was fluffing her hair.  The warm sunshine was on her face.  She noticed a group of people off in the distance.  They were standing in the center of a group of raised stones.  They seemed to be beckoning her.  She smiled at them and waved and they waved back.  Then she heard a voice in her head that simply said, “Come.”  She ran like a small child running to her mother.  She felt wonderful.  She found herself in the middle of the raised stones.  They were at least twice as tall as she was.  A lady was standing between her and each stone.  They were a little older than she was and very beautiful.  Each of them wore a long white gown and they had a crown of the beautiful white flowers from the field on their heads.  Each of them was smiling and the sunshine created a warm glow in their hair.  One of them stepped forward and smiled.  She began to talk.


“This is a dream, but not a dream.  We are real, but here in your dream we are but ghosts.  We have sensed your experiments from afar.  We can feel your fledgling power.  We can also sense that you have discovered that there is so much more to psychic powers than your people have harnessed.  There is so much more.  You have realized that moving objects can be used as projectiles.  That is but a tiny glimpse of the possibilities.  We feel that you have great potential, but you are alone and have no guidance.  We cannot come to you.  It is far too dangerous.  You must come to us.  We will guide you along the way, but we cannot tell you a direct route.  There are those that might monitor us, or try to probe your mind.  The journey will be difficult, but we will teach you as you go.  We will give you exercises at night, and you can practice during the day.  Along the way we will guide you toward us.  Do you understand?”


Marie thought for a moment.  What they were suggesting was incredible.  There was a band of physic women operating somewhere and they had sensed her little experiments with pebbles.  They had decided for some reason to mentor her and help her develop her psychic abilities.  They also had seemed not to completely trust her because they would not say where they actually were.  They also seemed afraid to come to her.  The question was easy, “Why have you chosen me and for what purpose?”


The lady who had been talking smiled.  She looked around at the other ladies around the alien Stonehenge.  They each nodded their head in acknowledgement.  She looked back at Marie and spoke again.  “Your question is the obvious one, but the answer is not so easy.  We speak as ourselves, but we also speak as representatives for your planet, our planet.  We know of the newcomers and their technology.  They have come from another planet to ours.  They have brought great technology and with it the power for great changes.  They are neither evil, nor good, but their aim is to utilize this planet for their own purposes and those purposes will bring about the degrading of this planets biosphere.  We seek to protect this planet, our home from that purpose.”


Marie could sense that she liked these women.  She believed in their purpose.  She also had the drive to continue to develop her newly found powers of the mind.  She said, “I support your purpose and pledge to use my gifts toward that aim, of protecting our planet from the ravages of the newcomers and their technologies.”


The leader nodded her flower gilded head and said, “We had hoped that would be your answer.  We will meet again in your dreams and hopefully one day soon you will reach us and we will meet physically.  By that time, you should be ready to fulfill your destiny.”


John fell to the ground unconscious with the rest of the group of men around the fire.  He was in a dream state unable to willfully direct his gaze, or say anything.  He could only watch.  What he saw was incredible.  He witnessed scene after scene straight out of science fiction but on a grander scale.  He saw huge star ships sailing in the deep void of space.  He could tell that some of the ships were the size of battleships and others were the size of small cities.  He saw men in everything from spacesuits to gigantic mechanical robots.  He saw huge city sized buildings where millions of people lived in closely coordinated societies.  He saw the lives of the people filled with the joys of the discovery of science and the wonders of the beauty of art.  Men were living in every condition he could imagine and they were thriving.  Some were living in the depths of water covered worlds.  Others were living on dry desert planets.  They were all working together to better their society and the lives of their individual citizens.  Peace was everywhere.  They had reached a kind of golden Utopia.


Then he saw its downfall.  He saw whole cities annihilated in nuclear explosions.  He saw great battles between star ships.  He witnessed a star ship plummet into a star.  He felt the people on the ship as they died.  He heard their cries, felt their regret at how bad things had become, their thoughts of loved ones left behind at home.  Children that would be without mothers or fathers.  He saw a star ship attack a planet and decimate it.  He felt the innocent people living on he planets, heard their pleading, then their screams, and felt their remorse. He wept in his dream.  His tears and the heavy sorrow that brought them was so intense.  He didn’t think he could ever be happy again.  The depression reached down to the core of his soul and squeezed and twisted it.


It was more than he could stand.  Then, as suddenly as it had started, the wars ended.  There were very few left.  Their civilizations rebuilt very slowly.  Their technology healed over a very long period of time.  And with this rebirth of civilization, the people and machines were equals.  What started as robots that he could easily recognize, slowly built to artificially intelligent cyborgs that were difficult to tell from their biological counterparts.  They also were more desperate than the previous peak of civilisation.  He could tell that they did not want the downfall to happen again and would avoid it at any price.  They were more desperate for peace, and they were more desperate for resources.  They grabbed each resource as if it was the most important of all.  And, they grabbed each planet as if maintaining peace was the most important of all.  The peace was maintained with a heavy hand.  Those that stood in the way of peace were wiped out.  The price of trying to avoid the downfall was the loss of a certain amount of humanity.  There seemed to be little individual freedom.  The penalties for not cooperating and following the will of the many was immediate, swift, and very harsh.


The strange thing was that he could tell that the people and cyborgs were willing participants.  In fact, they were very willing participants.  They were quick to criticize and report even their closest friends and family members.  They were proud to be a part of their society.  They were willing to give up their freedom and to serve society as their government saw fit.  Their technology once again blossomed.  They were able to accomplish the unimaginable.  They had perfected faster than light travel.  They could teleport matter between distant places in the galaxy.  Their medical technology could extend their lives as much as a thousand years.


Out of this new technological society arose a leader.  It was unclear as to whether or not the new leader was human.  Their cyborg technology had arisen to such a level that it was difficult to tell.  It was also unimportant to the citizens of the new order.  What mattered is that he served to hold them together and provide the driving force behind their new society.


The thing that woke him so suddenly from his vision like dream was when the leader in the vision turned to face him.  He definitely recognized the face.  It was a little older than the face that he knew, but he knew it could only be him.  He was the leader.  In the vision he knew that it was him.  He was the elected leader of the entire empire and it shocked him so much that he immediately woke up.


When he awakened, he said to himself that was a weird dream.  He was so glad that he did not have that kind of responsibility.  All he had to worry about was food and shelter, finding the girl, and not getting killed.  He opened his eyes slowly because the sun was already high in the sky and very bright.  His mouth was so dry that he could hardly swallow.  His tongue felt two sizes too large and it was very numb feeling.  The taste in his mouth was worse than any monkey breath he had ever had in the mornings back home on Earth.  The worst part was that he could smell his own breath.  It smelled like a combination of bleach and an electrical fire.  He also had to pee very badly.


He sat up.  That was too fast, he thought.  He laid back down.  Not only did he have to pee, and his mouth was extremely dry, and his breath smelled like death warmed over, he also had quite a headache.  It didn’t hurt nearly as much laying down as it did sitting up, but he needed to sit up to go pee and to find some kind of liquid to moisten his mouth and shrink his tongue.


He looked up and saw the smiling face of the old man, his mentor, his teacher, his only friend on this crazy backward planet he found himself on.  He said, “I gotta pee like a Russian race horse.”  The only man looked at him with a puzzled expression on his face.  “Gotta pee.” he said again, expressing the same sentiment, but in a much simpler way.  The old man smiled and said, “Go, then we talk.”


He went to the edge of the village to the privy to use the toilet.  The wasn’t much to it.  It was a small building with a hole in the floor.  Anything that went through the hole ended up flowing down the hillside behind the outhouse.  It was much like the outhouses on Earth that he was familiar with.  This one didn’t have a seat like the ones he remembered.  It only had a hole and two buckets and a small gourd.  One bucket was filled with water, the other bucket was filled with some kind of dried plant.  He was glad that he only had to pee.  There was evidently no toilet paper on this planet.  When he thought about it, he wondered how people in third world countries wiped.  They didn’t have toilet paper.  They probably had no Sears and Roebuck catalogs or newspapers.  In some places they could use water, but how would they apply it.  Maybe with their hands.  That’s probably it.  They would wash afterward with their hand.  That brought to mind something about it being proper to only eat and shake hands with the right hand while the left hand had something to do with wiping.  That was it.  That was probably what the water in the bucket was for.  You poop, then fill the gourd with water and use it first to wash your behind and then to rinse your hand.  The plants were probably use as a starter to scrape with.  This was so disgusting, but when you are stranded on a planet so far from Earth there are things that you have still got to do.  Okay, that called for a revision of his list, water, food, shelter, and how to poop.  He pulled down his sweats in front, and did his business, then left relieved.  He knew he would have to face the other elimination problem later.


As he began to walk back to where the old man was, he began to think about the dreams he had while under the influence of the flower.  It was crazy to think about how that parlor trick had worked.  Back on Earth, people smoked weed and passed the joint around.  Several people could get high at once.  He wondered what would happen if you could smoke up and entire crowd so suddenly as that.  Maybe there would be terrorists that would sneak attack a crowd and get them all high at once.  Kind of like a second hand buzz at a rock concert, but taken to the next level.


The dream he had was filled with technology.  There were star ships, robots, huge cities, and lots of machines.  That was the complete opposite of what he found here.  Maybe he was seeing the planets future.  Maybe these people would advance in another thousand years and begin building star ships and travelling to other planets.  Maybe one day the people here would make it to Earth.  That view of the dream did not feel right.


Maybe he just missed the technology back home.  He had never thought about toilet paper and a flush toilet as technology, but it was and he missed that more than television or anything else.  That interpretation of his dream did not feel right either.  It felt real.  Like actual events that had happened in the past or would happen in the future.  They definitely felt real.  There was so much detail.  There was also the idea of a civilization that rose to great heights and then fell and languished for many years before beginning the slow climb back up the technological ladder.  That had to be something real.


By the time he had just begun to get an idea of what his dream was about, he had returned to the old man.  The old man smiled and said, “Let us go back to my home.  We have much to discuss.  I can tell that you have seen much.  It is the power of the plant to show us what we need to be shown.”  He started walking toward his pueblo and the young man followed, a primitive shaman followed by an alien visitor from another planet.  The old man turned to him and said, “Did you have a vision?”  That was a dumb question.  Of course he had a vision.  He was sure that the old man knew it.  Was he just being funny.


John was a little short with the man and said, “Yes, of course I did.  There were star ships, and robots, and huge cities, spaceports, computers, and all kinds of technology.  There were people that journeyed between the stars.  There were great battles between the huge star ships and the men.  Many died.  I think millions, even billions may have died.  Eventually, their civilization fell and they were reduced back to living like you guys with nothing.  I would be they didn’t even have toilet paper, and then their civilization began to rebuild and the...”  The old man stopped him from continuing.


As they walked into his home, the old man asked, “What is toilet paper?”


John said, “That is not important.  What matters was all that technology, and war, and people thriving, and dying, and thriving again.”  The old man just looked puzzled.  Then he said, “you obviously understood all that, but I don’t understand any of it, except it seems to me that the toilet paper was the most important thing to you.  You said, “They didn’t even have toilet paper,” in such a whimpering whining voice.  You were reduced to a blubbering child by the lack of it.  We obviously don’t have that here and I don’t want a blubbering child as my assistant.  


“It is for cleaning your butt after you go to the bathroom,” he said.


“Oh!” Said the old man.  “You have a special way of cleaning your butt that you miss.  That could be very important.”  The old man stroked his beard and looked like he was in deep thought.  Then he farted loudly.  It was impossible for John not to start laughing at that.  He laughed so hard that tears streamed down his cheeks.  When he was able to see again he looked at the old man.  He was just sitting there looking puzzled and that brought on another burst of laughter.  As that subsided he realized that it was a great emotional release.  He was so exhausted and stressed by everything and now he felt much better.  The old man smiled.


“Okay, now I am glad you got that out of your system.  I could tell you were troubled by our primitive ways here in camp.  Most of these people like it this way.  I was thinking that it is a shame that when their civilization was reduced to primitive ways, they were unable to maintain that state.  I believe that the simple life is better.  All of that technology clouds the mind of what is important which is having fun living, loving, and being loved.  You obviously look down on primitive ways like ours.  It is okay, to each his own.  I can also tell that you are not telling me everything.  What are you holding back on?  What have you not told me?  What you have not told me is going to be the most important part of the story, which is your story.  That is the power of the plant, to show your path and what is important.”


John sat and thought for a moment.  It was not that he didn’t know what he was holding back.  He was actually a little embarrassed.  He was normally humble and didn’t like living in open view.  He mostly did things by himself and tried not to be noticed.  He really didn’t want to tell the old man about seeing himself as the leader of the new civilization, but the stupid old man wouldn’t say anything else.  He just sat there staring at him expectantly.  He looked like he would sit there forever waiting for him to speak.  Finally John broke down and said, “I saw a leader emerging as they restored their civilization.  The leader was able to hold things together, to keep peace, and prevent the outbreak of the huge wars that happened in the past. The new leader was also part cyborg, part machine, but the other part was definitely human.  He was me.  I know as well as I know anything.  It was me and that is my destiny.”


John had no idea what the reaction of the old man would be.  Would he laugh at him for such a stupid notion.  Would he say something that sounded wise like, “Yes, I know.”  That was the oldest trick in the book.  Soothsayers, fortune tellers, tarot card readers, they all resorted to some form of that.  John didn’t believe in anything like that.  He believed that the future was unknown.  You could extrapolate what might happen and even compute a probability, but nobody could tell the future.  But, for some reason, he really felt that he had somehow glimpsed the future.  It was not a hidden desire.  He truly did not want to be a leader of anything.  He didn’t even have any idea where this new civilization was.  He looked at the old man and waited.  The old man was going to have to break the silence this time.  He wasn’t going to give him anything else to go by.  Hopefully the old man would interpret it symbolically like a dream.  He wondered if he was Jungian or Freudian.  Let’s see, he thought, the civilization represents my desire for life.  The downfall of the civilization represented how he felt right before the mysterious girl appeared and transported him here.  The rebuilding of the civilization was him rebuilding his life on this planet and him being the leader of the new civilization was he and the girl getting married and starting a new life together.


He turned to the old man and waited for his reaction.  “You must leave at once,” said the old man.  “Why?  Have I had a dangerous vision?  Are you afraid for you and your people?” 


“No, replied the old man.  It is time to eat.  I am starving.”


By the time Marie awoke, the sun was setting and it was getting dark.  She had taken a nap for several hours.  That was so unlike her.  She regretted that she would not have time to try moving a drop of water, so her question about that was left unanswered.  She wanted to think about her dream and all that it meant, but there was a more important matter at hand.  She had to quickly get back to the castle, because these woods could get dangerous at night.  There were big six legs that would attack at night and could easily kill a grown man.  She did not have a chance.  She gathered the wrapping from her lunch and began hurrying back through the forest.


She had not gone far when she thought she heard something behind her.  She stopped and listened.  She definitely heard something approaching.  She was sure it was a large creature of the night chasing her down to eat her.  She increased her pace and it sounded like the noise behind her became faster.  It was definitely something following her.  She kept going, but did not break into an all out run.  She felt like there was no way that she could outrun something like that anyway.  Maybe she should yell or something.  That was when she heard the noise split and begin to flank her on both sides.  She was sure that she saw two shadows, one on each side of her.  She felt without hope.  This was it.  She would be attacked, killed, and eaten by the foul creatures before she had a chance to meet the women in her dream and to learn more about using her psychic skills.  That was when an idea hit her.


She didn’t have much hope, but decided to try anyway.  She picked up a rock from the path and concentrated on sending the rock at the creature as hard and fast as she could.  The rock flew from her hands and went sizzling toward the attacker on the left.  She was rewarded with a yelp and saw the creature run back from where it had come.  She turned quickly to the creature on the right and saw that it too was running away.  She was so relieved.  Then she was so exhilarated.  She had fended off two attackers with her fledgling psychic skills.  She had not sent the rock as hard as she wanted.  She had wanted to kill the animal, but she was so proud of what she had been able to do.  She could defend herself.  She slowed her pace back to a walk.  She was more confident now walking alone in the woods at dusk, but she did stop to pick up a handful of rocks and put them in the cloth wrapping that she had used for her lunch.


She was glad to get back to the castle without having to use any more of the rocks she had gathered.  She emptied them from the cloth before entering the castle.  It would be weird trying to explain why she had them.  It had been quite a while since she was a little girl who collected pretty rocks.  She headed directly for her quarters.  She shared a room with an old woman named Rye.  Rye was already in bed.  “So, what young man did you meet with during your day off,” Rye said with an wicked little grin.  Marie blushed, “I didn’t meet any young man and it would be none of your business if I did.  You are just too old to have a dalliance of your own and must live like a parasite and feed off my experiences.”  Marie had second thoughts about what she had said.  The words were true, but she was afraid that they would cut a little too harshly to be taken as a jibe, so she laughed lightly and said, “You have had plenty of good times with young men in your day and I have seen the way that you look at the stable boys when they come into the kitchen looking for an afternoon snack.  Now go to sleep and let me do so as well.  Our day starts so early tomorrow.”  At that she blew out the lamp, removed her dress and got into her bed.


Because of her long nap by the stream, she was not sleepy at all.  She laid there thinking for quite some time about everything that had happened that day.  She felt that meeting the women from her dream was her destiny.  She could not ignore it.  But what action should she take.  If she left, she would not know which direction to travel.  How would she get food along the way.  How far would she have to travel.  There were so many questions.  She wished that she could talk to them right now.  She decided that for now the best thing to do was to prepare herself for whatever lay ahead.  She would continue to hone her skills and wait for a sign or another message from the ladies.  At some point all of the tiredness of the day caught up with her and she passed into a deep dreamless sleep.


It had been a long time since they had been stranded on this forsaken planet.  Many of their wounded had died.  Their navigator was still alive, but barely.  There was no way that he could navigate the ship through the twisting of interstellar space that was necessary to find their way back home.  Without a fully functioning navigator they could go nowhere, even if they could get their ship going again.  There was a lot of damage.  The battle had been long and the casualties high.  After they performed a controlled crash landing, they had surveyed the ships systems.  It was repairable, but it would take time.  There was no advanced technology on this planet, but it did have many natural resources.  They had lost contact with the outside.  Their FTL communicator seemed to be working, but they could not contact anyone at all.  The only signal was from the far space beacons that were used for navigation.


Johnson pounded the table and said, “I call this meeting to order.  Please.  If we are ever to get off of this godforsaken planet and back to civilization, we must repair and fuel the ship, and replace our navigator.  The repair of the ship and fueling will only take time and perseverance.  It is the navigator that I am worried about.  How are things coming on that front.”


The roughest looking one of the group spoke up.  “Not well, I must say.  We have bribed some of the local brigands to help us abduct some individuals that seem promising, but nothing has panned out to date.  The older ones that we find are very skilled and their powers are strong, but they have specialized so much in constructing their gaudy buildings or in communications that we cannot bend their skills toward navigation.”  Svenson continued, “Our navigator is so weak that it might kill him to attempt to train such an old mind for the navigator guild.  We have captured several talented children, but either their skills are too weak or they are so afraid that they are unable to perform even the smallest task.  Once again our navigator is so weak that he is unable to train and build another from such a child.  We continue the hunt.”


Johnson said gravely, “I understand.  I know that you are working hard.  Do you have any moral problems with the work.  What of abducting the children?  What do you do with the candidates that are not trainable?”


Svenson nodded.  “Aye, it is a difficult task, but we know the importance of it.  I do not want to be stuck here forever, and our people might be depended on our return.  The war has been going on so long and both sides have experienced so many losses.  Our one battleship may make enough of a difference to turn the tides of the war.  We have many leads and will continue until we find the right one.”


“Thank you.  Now to the matter of fuel.  How is the work in that area progressing, Adams?”  A gaunt younger man spoke.  “We are doing well sir.  Our  scouts have returned with news that one of the nearby mountains may have the ore that we need.  There is still the matter of bringing it out and refining it.  We will break ground on a refinery tomorrow.  We will be using the failed candidates as slave labor to help us dig up the ore and transport it to the refinery.  The refinery that we have not built yet.  That is another task requiring labor.  There are not enough of us to perform this task either.  I am afraid that we will need to harvest more of the local population in order to accomplish anything on this kind of scale.”


“Do you have a problem with that, Adams?”


“No, none sir.  I just have this nagging feeling that I should care.  It is hard to see such a primitive population as real people.  They hardly understand anything beyond their simple lives of eating, shitting, and sleeping.  We have no problem recruiting them to do some of the heavy labor.  What does it matter to them as long as we feed them?”


“Good,” replied Johnson.  “On to ships repair.  I’m heading that one up myself.  There is no way I would let any of the locals on the ship, much less trust any of them to contribute to the repair.  We have been able to accomplish a lot of the repairs with the spare parts that we carried on the ship, plus a certain amount of re-purposing and ingenuity.  We have many of the ships systems up and running at a nominal status.  We are running with most of them at a minimal level in order to conserve fuel.  We should be able to keep running at this rate for at least a year, so we at least have that going for us.  Where we do need more parts is in repairing the ships outer hull.  So, in addition to digging ore for fuel, we now know that we will need to find the ore for the hull and build a forging facility to make the plates for the outer hull.  That means even more labor, and running the forge will take more energy and fuel.  James, I need to you see to the metal ore.  Matt, I need you to see to building the forge.”


The men looked weary.  They could see the long haul ahead of them.  Without the rest of their civilization to support them life was hard.  They at least could start with a tremendous pool of knowledge and they knew that all of it could be done, had been done so many times in the past.  There were some that harbored secret regrets about enslaving the local populace, especially the kids, but they did not speak up because of fear of what their peers might do.  They were in a desperate spot and desperate situations called for desperate measures.


“Okay, that’s it unless anyone has anything else.  Let’s get to work gentlemen.”  The men slowly got up and left the room leaving Johnson alone at the table. He had tried to sound confident during the meeting, but he really wasn’t.  He knew too much about the difficulties and obstacles in the way of getting out into space once again.  He also had his own theories about why they were unable to reach anyone on the FTL communicator.  Maybe the war had gone on too long and each side had pounded each other back down into the stone age.  Maybe when and if they returned, there would be nothing to return to.  He hit the table again and shook his head.  No, he thought, there had to be hope.  He would push on.  He stood slowly to his feet and walked out of the room, his pace quickening along the way.


The old man and John were sitting on cushions eating with a group of men.  The food was in a large dish in the middle of the group.  There was a base of some kind of boiled grain.  On top of that was a large amount of steaming vegetables and on top of them was some kind of soft oily meat.  Everyone ate with their hands.  Actually, John noticed, they were only eating with their right hands.  Then he thought back to the toilet and knew why.  Evidently this type of hygienic approach to assigning each hand a different function had co-evolved on his planet and this one.  That made him think, he did not know the name of this planet.  “What is the name of this planet,” he asked the old man.


“It has several names.  Young ones call it Mother Earth.  They call the sky, Father Sky.  These names convey a truth of where we come from and where we are going to.  Old ones like me call our planet, Cimeron.”  That was the sound of the actual word that the man spoke.  Of course, the old man was still speaking in his native language and John just picked up an understanding of what concepts were being communicated.  The name of the planet just translated to this planet in his mind, but he heard the sounds that the old man was making as well.  He vowed from that point on to try to actually learn the local language and not rely on the telepathy.  For one thing, he would never be able to read unless he knew the language.  Come to think of it, he had not seen anything written down up to this point.  How strange.  He was a little reluctant to ask the old man that question.  After he reacted so strongly to his statement about how backward they were and their lack of toilet paper.  He could not imagine what the old man would say if he asked if they were literate.  He decided that question could wait.


John reached out with his right hand, grabbed a little grain, some vegetables, and a bit of meat and ate from his hand as he had seen the others do.  “My compliments to the chef,” said John.  Those around him grunted in the affirmative and nodded and kept eating.  There seemed to be a contest to see who could eat the most the fastest.  He wondered what, “My compliments to the chef,” translated to for them as they had obviously understood him.  It was probably something like, “Food, good,” or some other simpleton speech.  He couldn’t blame them that they were uncivilized.  He was beginning to like some of them, especially the old man, and their primitive way of life did appeal in some ways.


“You must pull your weight.” said the really hairy man next to him.  “Come with me tomorrow.  I will work you.”


What did he mean by that.  Of course he wanted to pull his own weight.  He felt that he had done a lot in grinding up those hallucinogenic flowers.  He thought he had an idea of what working with the old man would be like.  Working for the big hairy fellow next to him might be a completely different thing.


He slept in the old man’s house.  He slept on a skin rug by the fire pit.  It felt nice and he slept very soundly.  His dreams were filled with the visions from the night before.  His mind was trying to make sense of it all and to weave a story out of all of the static images.  Overall he was well rested when he felt a not quite gentle nudge from a smelly booted foot.  “Get up.  We go now.”  from his vantage point on the floor he watched the big boots trudge out the door.  The fire sure felt warm and he knew that the outside air was chilly because he could feel it creeping in as the barbarian left.  He moaned a bit and then stretched and got up.  He went to an outhouse and relieved himself.  As he was coming back, he saw the barbarian relieving himself on the back side of the old man’s house.  That didn’t surprise him, but he didn’t want to let the primitives behavior rub off on him.  He would use the outhouse as long as one was available.  It also gave him some privacy which was nice as well.  He was still wearing the same clothes he came in and hadn’t bathed or brushed his teeth since he got here.  He would need to figure out those things soon, or he would not be able to bear the itch and stench of himself.


“Come,” said the barbarian and began walking in what seemed to John like a random direction.  It had sounded much like a command and the barbarian was much bigger and muscular so John just followed along.  They came to another home and he followed the man in.  There was a lady in the house.  John guessed that she was his wife.  The big man walked over to the corner and selected some clothing and boots off shelves and threw them at him.  “Wear these.  Leave yours for wife.”  The big man walked out.  John assumed that he meant that his wife would clean his clothes.  He didn’t want to get undressed in front of her.  He really wasn’t sure he wanted to put this man’s clothes on.  For one thing, they probably would not fit.  For another, he wasn’t sure how clean they could be.  The man’s wife left the room.  That was good.  He smelled the clothing.  It really did not smell too bad.  He knew he couldn’t wear the clothing he had brought with him forever.  So, he removed his clothing and folded them into a neat pile and started dressing with the clothes that the man had thrown to him.


He started with what seemed to be crude pants, but a lot of places where there should be seams looked like they should be overlapped and tied.  There was no undergarment.  No, correction, he changed his mind as he searched.  There was an undergarment.  It was just a piece of cloth.  He was probably supposed to wrap that around his bottom in place of underwear.  The problem was, he had no idea how to do it.  He tried a couple of different arrangements, but he didn’t want to take too long because the woman might return, or the big guy might get impatient.  He finally settled on an arrangement that he thought would at least stay in place while at the same time help with chafing on the rough outer garments.  He put on the pants next.  They were big around the legs, but the waste had a couple of ties that allowed him to cinch in the waste so that the pants would not fall down.  The shirt just went over his head like a giant sack and hung down to his knees.  The pants and shirt both were made of some type of animal hide.  He put the boots on next.  There was a leather rope attached to them that could be tied to make them tight enough to keep them on if he walked at a normal gate.  He would definitely not like to try to run in them.  Well, he had to step out eventually.  He went outside.  The big man was waiting for him.  The man looked him over a moment, chuckled, slapped him on the shoulder, then said, “Good.  We go now.”


They walked to the edge of town.  Several men were waiting for them there.  They had several of the six-legged mounts there as well.  They all nodded to each other and walked toward the mounts.  That was when John got the feeling that maybe there was more of a telepathic component of their communication than what he was picking up on.  He kept hearing dumb simple one word sentences in his mind as they spoke.  He knew he wasn’t understanding the language.  The old man had adjusted his mind in some way and he was picking up on the raw emotion of what they were communicating.  He had to remind himself not to belittle these people.  Just because they seemed simple, did not mean they really were.  The big man patted one of the six legged creatures and then turned around and walked back to john.  The mount followed, almost like it knew what he wanted.  Then he said, “You ride this one.”  Out of the corner of his eye, John saw some of the men mounting, so he had an idea of how to do it.  It seemed about impossible.  There was no saddle, no reins, nothing.  The men were just putting their hand on the mounts neck and then catapulting themselves up on top of the animals backs.


He felt very nervous, but he had some bareback riding experience back on Earth and he enjoyed a challenge.  He sure hoped these animals wouldn’t bite.  He walked up to the animal and said, “It’s okay boy.  It’s just me.  I won’t hurt you.”


The big man tapped his head and without talking John heard inside his head, “Talk here.”  He got it.  You controlled the animals with telepathy.  He sure hoped that whatever the old man had done to him would work with animals as well.  He thought happy thoughts and tried to mount the animal.  The first time, he barely got one foot up on top of the animals back and then he slid back down to the ground.  The big guy just stood there smiling at him.  He tried again and made it higher on the animals back, but started to slip.  The big man easily pushed him up the rest of the way.  He gripped the animal tightly with his legs.  The big guy slapped his legs and said, “Looser.  Use balance.”  John tried his best.  It actually didn’t feel too bad.  He felt like as long as they moved slowly, he would probably do okay.


All of the men mounted and they started off as a group.  He just sat there.  He sure wished he had a saddle horn and reins.  He had figured out they were using mental commands.  He knew that he had to try something, so he just said, “Go.”  He felt there had to be a mental component as well.  The animal began moving with the pack.  He had to concentrate a lot to stay on, but after a few moments he relaxed enough to start worrying about something else.  Where were they taking him?  Were they taking him off somewhere away from camp to kill him?  Were they going to hunt?  What?  He directed his animal up along side the big guy.  It worked.  It was almost too easy.  


“So, uh, what are we doing today,” asked John.  The big guy just looked at him, shrugged, and said, “Don’t know.”


“What do you mean you don’t know?  Does someone else know?  Why don’t you ask?”


“Don’t know.  Ask when we meet.”  What on Earth or wherever did he mean by that.  The big guy was looking a little irritated.  John thought he might as well enjoy the scenery for a big and see where they were going.  Then he asked, “Why do you think you need me?”  The big guy said, “Wise one said that you could help us deal with the newcomers.”  The newcomers, thought John, who could he be referring to?  That was the first he had heard of them.  Why would these guys be going to meet them?  If they were newcomers, where had they been before here?  John just had more and more questions.  The landscape they were passing through didn’t help either.  While some things were familiar to John, like the fact there was dirt and sky and road, other things where very puzzling and worrisome.  For example, he had no idea about the smaller flying things that seemed to fill the same niche as the insects back home.  Which ones where bees and wasps, which ones were flies?  This was quite a learning experience.


Just when he thought it could not get any stranger, what had to be a jet, space ship, shuttle, flying saucer, or something way beyond the technology of this band of barbarians passed directly over their heads and disappeared over the hills ahead.  “What was that,” asked John.  “Newcomers flying,” said the big guy.  A sizzling realization hit John like an explosion in his head.  The newcomers were a higher civilization than these guys.  They were not from around here.  Maybe they were from another planet altogether.


After what seemed like several more hours of travel John was ready for a break.  His back ached terribly.  His thighs felt very shaky.  He realized he had probably been gripping the animal way too tight.  He was about to ask to stop when he saw the ship off in the distance.  He looked something like a cross between the space shuttle and a flying saucer.  It was nearly round, but with a cigar shaped bulge in the middle.  It seemed to have landing gear and windows.  It was gray in color, but reflective.  From the size of the men standing in front of it, the thing was about the size of a small house.  The men were looking in his direction.  They were obviously waiting for the party of barbarians.  John wondered what a group of civilized, space faring people would want from a bunch of barbarians.  Didn’t they have a prime directive or something like the federation in Star Trek.  He guessed not.


When the mounted party got to the men in front of the ship, they stopped.  The big guy walked over to one of the civilized group, obviously their leader, and said, “One for you.”  Then he pointed back toward John.  “No” came out of John’s mouth like an automatic reaction.  He didn’t like living with primitives much, but he at least figured they weren’t going to kill him.  He had no idea what the newcomers wanted with him.  The big guy motioned for him to approach.  He knew there was no way that he could run in the crappy boots that he had been given, so he slowly walked over on wobbly trail weary legs.  He saw the leader of the newcomers give the big guy a bag of something that obviously had some worth.  Was it money, gems, or beads, he did not find out.


One of the other newcomers walked over to him and tapped him with a small device of some sort and he immediately lost consciousness.  After an unknown period of dreamless sleep he awoke in a small room.  Was he on the shuttle now, had they taken him back to base, or was he high in orbit above the planet in a mother ship of some kind.  He did not know.  Once again, within a period of a week, he found himself transported to an unknown place with only the clothes on his back, which weren’t even his own.  This was just too much.  That was the first time he had cried since he had left.  He had wished to be anywhere but back home.  He had his wish.  Tears started streaming from the corners of his eyes and then he got a horrible hollow ache in his chest.  He sobbed for some time before he got enough control of himself to examine his surroundings.  The floor walls and ceiling of the room were hard surfaces.  There were four walls and everything was at right angles and square.  He had gotten so used to the rounded Dr. Seuss architecture of the primitives that the angular construction seemed a little bit strange at first.  There was what had to be a bed, a table, and a chair.  There was also what had to be a dry sink.  It wasn’t antique, but newly made.  He was lying on the bed which was soft and he was covered by a blanket.  He sat up in bed and looked around and thought about what to do.  There was a door which had just opened.  Two men walked in.  One was carrying a device like the one that had zapped him into unconsciousness earlier.  The other man carried a cup of liquid.  He sat it on the table and both men turned to leave.  John quickly gathered his whits and said, “Where am I?  What am I doing here?”  The two men did not even pause.  They didn’t give him an answer at all.  The door was shut.  Well, thought John, at least they don’t want me to dehydrate.  He walked over, picked up the cup and smelled it.  It smelled okay.  It was just water as far as he could tell.


John drank the water.  It was good.  Not exactly tasty, but he could tell it was clean.  Some of the best water he had ever tasted was from a well on his grandparents farm.  He would love to have a drink of that just now.  That was so far away now.  He thought about how wonderful the act of drawing the water was and how that contributed to the enjoyment of it.  He would take the rock off the lid laying across the opening of the well.  The lid was an old top from a 50 gallon drum.  He would remove the lid and look down.  It was a long drop to the watery bottom of the well.  It always made him a little afraid that someone would slip up behind him and push him in.  He would pick up the old metal bucket and lower it down to the water on it’s chain.  Hand over hand it was lowered until the weight decreased just a little bit so you would know that it had hit the water.  Then he would let out a little more chain.  It was just enough that the bucket could fully submerge.  Then you would wait.  Sometimes he liked to pretend he was fishing and waiting for a bite.  After a few moments he would be rewarded with a tug on the chain that let him know that the bucket was full and submersed.  Then he would hand over hand the bucket back up to the top and set it on the edge of the well.  Then as the anticipation of that first drank built, he would replace the lid and rock.  There was a big metal dipper as well.  He would hold the dipper by its hand, then dip it deep into the bucket.  At that point you could feel the lovely cold from the water work its way up the handle.  Then the proper thing was to lift the dipper by the handle and the cup end and take a long drink.  That water tasted so wonderful.  It comforted him now to think of that idyllic place and time so far away.


At least water wasn’t different on other planets.  Water was water.  Come to think of it, why was everything so much like Earth.  Did evolution always lead to similar things.  Did the constraints of engineering lead to similar designs.  He was holding a cup that would have fit in well in his home back on Earth.  It was a tapered cylinder with a bottom and no top.  Well, he figured, if he was designing a cup from requirements he might end up with the same thing again.  It should hold liquid.  Someone had to be able to hold it in their hand.  You had to be able to fill it and use it to transport the liquid to your mouth.  It had to be easy to make and not cost too much.  Yes, he guessed, everything had to be that way.  Organisms were driven by evolution and things were driven by engineering.  Come to think of it, the engineering of things was driven by evolution too.  Items that met requirements better got made again.  Items that didn’t were not copied.  Improvements were made to things as their engineering was copied.  Eventually a combination of evolution and functional engineering would reach a similar conclusion for how to make a cup.  Art, decoration, and things like that were just icing on the cake, they did not tend to greatly influence the design, but they too were copied or discarded.  Why make something that was hard to use for its intended purpose just to make it look pretty.  Then he thought of womens high heels.  Okay, there were exceptions.


He guessed from his surroundings that he must be in a building and not on a ship.  If it was a ship.  It it had been a ship, then he assumed things would have to be designed differently.  The chair would need to be fastened down.  The bed would be fastened down.  The bed covering could need a belt.  The dry sink would not be there.  That was all assuming that the newcomers did not have full control of gravity.  If they did, then all bets were off as to where he was.  Surely, even if they had artificial gravity on a ship, it would be subject to minor perturbations that would encourage at least fastening everything down.


The door opened and a uniformed man walked in carrying clothes and shoes.  He set them on the chair and walked out.  It was a uniform like the one that the man was wearing.  It was a one piece jumpsuit, underclothing, and boots.  John examined them, they were clean and he was glad to get out of the primitive clothing and back into something more civilized.  He changed into the clothing.  It was clean and comfortable.  The boots were a bit strange because they were more like socks with hard soles.  Or maybe it was more like socks with attached sandals.  Thinking about that made him laugh.  It felt nice to laugh.


Again, the door opened and a uniformed man walked in.  He said something that sounded like gibberish.  John was surprised to note that there was no accompanying telepathic transmission of any kind, not even a raw emotion.  John said, “Where am I?  What are you going to do with me?”  The man frowned and shrugged his shoulders.  Well, at least some communication was universal.  It seemed that the sounds of spoken language were arbitrary, but gesture had an actual relationship to what was being communicated.  The uniformed man gestured for him to get up.  At that point a uniformed lady entered as well.  The man gestured for John to follow the lady.  It was pretty obvious that he planned to follow behind John and would do something to him if he misbehaved.  So far these people weren’t really mistreating him, so he figured now was not the time to rebel, so he followed.


The went through several hallways before they ended up in a room with a bunch of equipment that John couldn’t identify.  The lady motioned for John to sit down in one of the chairs in the room.  He did.  Then she rolled over a cart with a machine on it.  She opened a case and took out a skullcap with what had to be electrodes attached.  She attached the electrodes to a machine with a screen.  He guessed it had to be some kind of advanced computer.  All kinds of theories as to the function of the device ran through his mind.  It could be a lie detector.  Maybe it was an electroencephalogram.  Maybe it was a device for electrocuting prisoners.  So far they hadn’t mistreated him, but he didn’t want to get ambushed by trusting too much as he had done with the primitives.  She started to place the cap on his head.  Wait a minute, thought John as he reached up to grab the cap and stop whatever it was she was doing.  Immediately the man was there grabbing his hands.  As he watched, the lady placed the cap on her own head.  The screen suddenly changed to a picture of a man and a voice came from the machine that said something he couldn’t understand.  They lady smiled and then took off the cap and the screen went blank again.  John relaxed and dropped his hands.  He thought he understood.  Maybe, hopefully, this was some kind of language teaching machine.  These people were obviously not telepaths.  They could not turn a switch in his mind and make him understand them.  Hopefully this machine could do the same thing.  He allowed them to place the cap on his head.  He felt a little tingle that was not painful and the same picture came back on the screen.  The lady left the room and the man sat down in a chair nearby.


The machine showed him several pictures and said a word for each picture, then showed him a group of pictures, then he would feel that little tingle.  Then it would either show another single picture and say something or it would show a group of pictures.  He knew that the machine was teaching him language.  It was probably telling him the words for different things, then noting from his brainwaves whether he recognized one of the pictures or the other words it was saying.  He evidently was not learning too well because it kept showing him a lot of the same pictures.  The man was watching his progress and frowned quite a bit.  After a while he took something from his pocket and spoke into it.  The lady returned.  She fiddled around with the equipment for a while then seemed satisfied and stood back and watched as the machine started its routine again.  After a few minutes the tingles got more intense.  Some of the tingles felt pretty good, while other tingles felt bad and made him feel a little nauseous.  That must have done the trick, because the pictures began speeding up and it started to show new pictures.  His captors talked to each other and nodded a lot.  Then the lady left the room again.


It had been several days since the dream in which the flower crowned ladies had told her to find them.  Marie was starting to think that maybe it was just a dream.  She had made it out to her spot in the woods once since then.  That part was not a dream.  She could still move small objects.  If tried tried really hard she could still make them move very fast. She had been unable to affect the water.  She just couldn’t wrap her mind around it.  No matter what she tried, it would not move.  Today she would be able to make it away once more.


She was in the kitchen preparing her lunch to take with her when one of the young stable hands walked in.  He was young, about her age, and very muscular.  He was not unattractive, Marie thought.  She figured he was looking for food as well.  “There is some bread and cheese here that you are welcome too.  The bread is a bit stale, but it has a nice soft center.”  That was when she suddenly realized that it wasn’t food that he was interested in.


“I have been watching you.  I have seen you head out into those woods on your day off.  It is dangerous for a pretty young lady like you to be out there all alone.  You need someone to look after you and protect you.”


“I do okay.  It’s not that dangerous in the daylight anyway.”  She wrapped her food and headed for the door.


He moved to block her way.  “I am not going to bite you know.  Me and the guys have been talking.  You are growing up to be quite the pretty young lady.  You would do yourself well to hook up with a man like me.  And I would definitely appreciate a pretty girl like you.  Take me with you.”


“You are just a boy and you are being impolite.  Mind your manners and let me pass.”  She said as bravely as she could and stepped around him.  He let her go.  She was afraid to look back, but she walked softly and tried to listen as closely as possible.  She was relieved she did not hear footsteps.  He did not follow.


On her way to the woods, she stopped and looked around then picked up a handful of rocks.  At least she had that going for her.


She walked very quickly at first.  She had been scared a bit.  She was also ashamed that she felt a little flushed and excited by the fact that she was desired.  He had said that the boys were talking about her.  She didn’t know whether to be afraid or glad.  They were right that she would need to pair off soon, or she might not be able to find a mate and would end up, alone and childless.  When she had gotten a considerable distance from the castle she slowed her pace and shook off the event in the kitchen.  He was just a boy.  He was probably all bark.


She reached her spot and the boulder by the stream.  She really did love this place.  It would be wonderful to have a little cottage right here and live a life of her own out of the crowded castle and away from the endless work.  She could have a little garden and children and a husband who would sit and hold her while they listened to the gurgle of the water as it came from out there in the past and flowed into the future.  She smiled and sat down.


She wanted to take full advantage of the time she had and decided to get down to business.  She knew there was something special about the water, but she didn’t know what.  She dipped her finger into the stream.  The water was nice and cool.  She let a single drop fall from the tip of her finger into the palm of her hand.  It was a tiny thing and she could see a bright shining glint of sunlight reflected off the drop.  It was the smallest bit of water that she could imagine moving.


She closed her eyes, blew out a large sigh, and then opened them again.  She looked intently at the drop and tried to get that twisting feeling in her mind.  Then she said, “Move!”  It didn’t move.  She tried three more times and got the same results.  In exasperation she thought the drop would evaporate from her hand faster than she could move it telekenetically.  Then she had a silly idea, said “Move,” again and then blew the drop of water from her hand.  This made her smile.


She reached down and picked up a small rock and threw it into the water.  She did this again several times.  Then she noticed something.  The tiny pebble would make big circles in the flat part of the water.  The circles would grow until some of them made it all the way to the bank of the stream.  Maybe she was going at this wrong.  Maybe she should try to be like the little pebble to the water.  She would just concentrate on a tiny push to the middle of the calm part of the stream and see if she could make the ripples happen.  That just might work.


For this experiment, she stood up.  Right on the edge of the stream.  She took a couple of calming breaths and curled and uncurled her toes.  Then she looked right at a tiny spot in the middle of the stream and focused her mind on what she thought was the right feeling.  She saw it move a little.  Then, she was rewarded with a single tiny circle that started from where she was concentrating, and it grew and spread.  It got almost as big as two hands breadths wide before it disappeared.  She was so pleased.  She hopped up and down on the balls of her feet, clapped her hands quickly, and giggled.  She could do it.  She could move the surface of water.  She just couldn’t levitate water like she could a solid object.


She had to try it again several times before she was sure she had caused it.  It might have just been a little fish that suddenly decided to come up and kiss the surface of the water.  Or maybe a small flyer had quickly zipped by and touched the surface.  Maybe it was just a gas bubble that had been trapped by an underwater plant.  She tried it several times until she could be sure that it was her causing the little circle.  She noticed that when she did it, it only caused a single circle.  When she threw in a pebble, it made several concentric circles.  Why did it make several and she only made one.  What was the difference.  She threw several more pebbles and studied what happened to the surface of the water.  Then she noticed that the circles were raised quite a bit from the water at first and then each subsequent circle that grew from the center was shorter.  She closed her eyes and thought about it.  She knew there was some secret of understanding nature that she was on the edge of, but she couldn’t quite grasp it.


She immediately wondered how big she could make a splash.  How big could she make her circles.  Surely she could at least make the circles get to the bank of the stream.  The smallest pebble could even do that.


After thinking about it for a while she realized that all of the mental gymnastics was making her tired.  Since it was getting about lunch time she decided to eat.  The food was filling and it seemed to revive her some so she started her practice once again.


While she was eating she had a thought.  Could she make two little circles one after another and make the surface of the water more like the way the pebble had made it look.  That might just work.  She concentrated again and made two little circles.  That did look more like it.  So, she tried three.  She noticed that the third circle was definitely raised above the surface of the water farther than the other two.  She tried again and made more circles, ten in all.  The final circle actually made it all of the way to the bank of the water right in front of her feet.  This was wonderful.  The little ripples were pretty and she was causing them with her mind.


After a while of playing around with her newly found talent and even trying to make other patterns in the water she decided she had better head back before dark.  She did not want to encounter a dangerous six legs in the woods again.  Besides, she was tired and needed to rest.


As she was walking back through the woods she kept thinking that she had to tell somebody else about what was going on in her life.  She definitely could not tell the old lady she was sharing a room with.  Rye would not understand, and she might tell the wrong people about her.  She was too old to be taken to the college of telekenetics or the college of telepaths.  Besides, she wasn’t even sure what she had was the same thing.  It was the same in that it was a magical way of affecting things around her, but she didn’t know if it was the same talent that the builders used to make the ornate sculpture houses that her people lived in.  She couldn’t tell any of her peers.  She had been kind of a loner and none of them would understand.  They might even be afraid that she could hurt them.  They might even be jealous of her powers.  There was no way that she would tell any of the stable boys.  After the incident this morning she wanted to keep her distance from them.  The only thing left was family.  She could tell her mother.  At least she would keep her secret and she would love to hear what her mother had to say about her skills.  She might even be proud of how far she had developed them by herself.


Marie picked up the pace.  She planned to take a detour to visit her mother.  It would be nice to have a short visit.  Her mother might even have some freshly baked bread.  She loved the way her mother cooked.  She loved her mother and missed her greatly since she had moved to the servants quarters at the castle, but her family could no longer support her and an opportunity presented itself for work at the castle.  She did like the honest work and the surroundings were wonderful.  The castle was the most magnificent building in the kingdom.  She had been told that it took laborers ten years to gather the materials to build it and the telekenetics had worked on it for fifty.


Lost deep in thought she had not noticed that she was almost to her mother’s house.  It was the home that she had grown up in.  She walked through the doorway.  It was the same cozy building that she remembered.  The fire pit was going and sure enough there was fresh bread sitting on a cloth on the table.  Her mother was sitting in a chair mending a garment.  “Hello, Mother,” Marie said warmly.  Her mother put down her mending and got up to greet her.  After a long hug, she and her mother sat down in facing chairs by the fire pit.


“Mother, it is so good to see you.  I hope that you are doing well.” 


“I am doing fine, Marie.  How are you doing.  You smell like the woods.  Have you been out hiking today.”


“Yes, Mother.”


“You know it is dangerous for a young girl like you to be out alone in those woods, but I’ve told you that many times before, haven’t I?”


“Yes, Mother.”


“You look like you aren’t taking care of yourself.  Are they starving you or something?  Cut a piece of bread from the fresh loaf on the table.  I baked it just today.”


“Yes, Mother.  Mother, I have something I wanted to share with you.”


“That’s fine darling.  Did I tell you about your brother, Jeremy?  He killed a six legs yesterday and we will have meat to eat this winter.”


Marie didn’t say anything.  This was the same old routine that she had been subjected to on every visit.  No matter what the news, she could hardly get in a word edgewise without her mother telling her about how wonderful her brother was.  She felt so unappreciated.


“He has grown to be such a handsome man.”


That was about all she could take.  “Mother, I have discovered that I have telekentic talent.  I can move small objects with my mind.”


“Is that so?”


“Yes, Mother.  I think I can get better at it.  I was able to fling small rocks at two six legs in the woods the other evening.  I flung them hard enough that I scared them off.  I was able to protect myself against them.”
“I told you to be careful in the woods.  They are dangerous.”


“Yes, Mother, but I also have found that I can ripple the surface of water.  What can that mean?  What do you think I should do now that I found out I have such a gift?  I know I am too old for one of the colleges, but surely my talents could be put to good use.”


“Dear, you should stop fiddling with such foolish notions.  What you call a talent and a gift is just a silly game.  You said yourself that you are too old to put them to any use.  You should just forget about it and hope that no one else finds out what you have been doing.  People might start talking about you.”


Marie decided to plug on.  Her mother was obviously not getting it.  Surely she must not be understanding her.  She probably wasn’t really listening.  Marie went over in front of her mother, took her hands, and looked her squarely in the eyes.  “That’s not all, Mother.  I had a dream, almost a vision because it was during the day.  There were beautiful ladies dressed in long flowing robes wearing crowns of flowers on their heads.  They where standing in the middle of a big structure with stones as tall as a house arranged in a circle.  They told me that I had an important gift.  They warned me that others might be looking for me.  They said that they would guide me to them.”


“Child, that was just a dream.  That is a foolish notion.  You are just a girl.  You are a servant in the castle and that is what you will always be.  If you behave and put this stupidity aside you might eventually find a husband, and have children of your own to take care of.”


“But, Mother, they were real.”


“No more of this foolish nonsense.  Cut a piece of bread for each of us.  Let me tell you about the girl that Jeremy has met.  I think she might be his one and only.”


Marie sighed and dutifully went to get the bread.


After that she drew her visit with her mother to a close.  Her father had not yet made it home from the fields.  He had probably stopped at a tavern to have a drink.  He would probably be bragging on his son.  He never bragged about her.  He just complained.  Marie didn’t want to have an encounter with him this night.  Marie said her goodbyes and left for the castle.


As she walked back the castle, she could not help but feel angry about the way that her mother treated her.  She kept going back over what had happened.  How her mother had been anything but supportive.  If Jeremy had said he had discovered that he could wiggle his ears, she would have been more proud.  No matter what she did, she was never appreciated.  If she could just find one person who listened to her.  She wanted one person in the world who would care about what she had to say and be supportive of her.  The closer she got to the castle, the madder she got.  She vowed not to visit her family for a long time after that.  She would only visit when she absolutely had to.  And she hoped her brother Jeremy would just move to another village far away where she wouldn’t have to see him.


She went back to the castle.  Returned to the room she shared with Rye, and went to sleep.  When Rye came in to go to bed it didn’t even wake her.


John had spent many hours with the machine.  They had let him break for meals and bathroom visits.  He was as anxious as them to learn their language.  That was definitely what the machine was doing.  During breaks he would try to say something to the man or the lady whichever one was watching him at the moment.  Ever time they motioned for him to be silent and never spoke.  After the evening meal, they escorted him to his room.  They left him alone in the room.  He could tell that the door was locked because of the extra sounds that had come from that direction after it closed.  He got up and tried to open it anyway.  It wouldn’t budge and his rattling of the door was answered with a very loud pounding from the other side followed by someone saying, “Shut up.  Go to sleep.”  He stopped.  Then he realized that he had understood.  He understood what they said like it was a new language he had learned, not like the weird emotional extra sensory perception thing he was able to do with the primitives.  He still had not felt anything psychic coming from his captors.  He tried to say the words himself, “Shut up.  Go to sleep.”  There was no reply from the other side of the door.  There must be a guard out there.  These people had technology, but he found himself wishing for the freedom he experienced during his short time with the wise old man in the primitive village.  John decided that escape was not an option.  He laid down and went to sleep.  Tomorrow was another day.  Hopefully things would get better.


When he drifted off to sleep he had strange dreams.  The primitive people were enslaved by the newcomers as well.  He could feel their fear and pain.  They were being used to mine and refine metal ore and fuel for a giant space ship.  The ship looked much like those in his visions with the old man.  The ship had crashed on the planet.  He could tell that the primitives wanted the ship, their technology, and their enslavement to leave their planet forever.  Throughout the night he saw many different perspectives of the forced labor.  He saw many different views of the newcomers.  They were all negative.  Strangely, he never felt anything from the newcomers in the vision-like dream.  Their minds seemed dead and empty.  He felt torn between the newcomers and the primitives.  On one hand, he felt for the newcomers because they had crashed and only seemed to want to repair their ship and return home.  It definitely did not look like they were trying to build a settlement of any kind.  On the other hand, he felt for the primitives because of their enslavement.  He also really felt for them because they could not understand what was happening.  They only knew of their capture and the grueling work that was forced on them.


His last dream was about some children.  They were being held captive as well.  They were not forced to dig ore as the older ones.  They were playing strange games related to psychic talents.  They were not allowed to go, but they seemed to be well taken care of.  They did miss their families and homes fiercely.  There seemed to be a physically sick man in charge of their games.  He seemed to direct them.  He seemed to be able to manipulate things, but was poor at communicating with the children.  He read in the minds of the children that a few children had died and there were rumors that some of them had killed themselves out of despair.


He awoke several times in the night because of the dreams.  He would call them nightmares.  He hoped they would go away, but each time he went back to sleep, there were more visions from the primitives.  After awaking for around the fifth time, he knew for certain that the dreams were not just dreams.  They were real.  The newcomers must be capturing some primitives for forced slave labor.  They must also be capturing small children as psychics.  They were trying to train them for some purpose.  He had now clue what that could be.


The next day after another session with the learning machine, they began to talk.  The same two captors, the man and woman returned to his room.  The man said, “Follow her.”  He was led to a room with a large table.  All three of them sat at the table.  “My name is Charles, and this is Jenni.  We hope that you have been treated well.”  It wasn’t surprising that John understood them.  It was also good that he felt he could speak the language now.  He had a thing or two he would like to say to them.


John spoke with a bit of venom in his voice.  “Yes, I suppose you treated me well if you consider not killing me good treatment.  Thanks for that,” he said sarcastically.  “I am a captive here against my will.  I appear to have been sold by a barbarian to you.  So, what am I now, your slave?”


“No, you are not our slave.  We are sorry that we have to use extreme measures.  You would do the same if you were in our position.  We saved you from slavery to the barbarians.  We had to keep you contained until you could learn our language and we could tell you about our plight.  We think you could help us, that we can help each other.”


“How?  I’m listening.”


“What is your name?  What can we call you?”


“John.  Call me John.”


“Okay, John.”  Charles paused a moment as if to collect his thoughts.  “John, we do not come from this planet.  We are what remains of the crew of an interstellar ship.  Our ship, which is very near here was badly damaged during a terrible battle.  There is an interstellar war going on right now.  Our faster than light drive was disabled. Our FTL communications do not seem to be working right.  The ship needs a lot of work in order to be space worthy again.  At least the main power plant seems to be working.  We need to repair the hull breaches, repair the FTL drive and communications, and refuel the ship.  It will take a lot of work, but we must return home.  Our people may need us.”


“Yes, it sounds like it is going to take a lot of work to get you back up into space again.  I don’t see how I am going to help.  I am not an FTL repair man.  I barely know how to spell FTL.  On Earth we don’t know anything about FTL drives.  We don’t have them.  We don’t have a theory about one.  It is my understanding that we don’t even think they are possible.  I have read about them in our science fiction.  We do have the concept of one.  That is why I have an inkling of what you are talking about.”


“I have a amateur radio operators license, but I know nothing about FTL communications.  Our fastest communication is at the speed of light, the speed of radio waves.  We know nothing about how to communicate faster than the speed of light.  Once again, we don’t even think it is possible.  Information cannot travel faster than the speed of light.  I guess you are telling me that it is possible.”


“As for repairing your hull and refuel your ship.  I am probably not going to help you there either.  I can weld.  I learned how growing up on a farm.  I’ll bet your hull is not made of iron or steel.  Probably no way an arc welder or acetylene torch is going to do the trick.  So, no go there either.”


“The only think I know about refueling is how to run a gas pump.  Just how do you guys think that I can help you?  How can you help me?”


Charles smiled and spoke again, “John, I understand your concern.  We don’t expect you to fix the hull, or the FTL drives, or the communications, or refuel the ship although our computer tells us that you are capable of learning to contribute in those areas.  Where we think that you might be able to help is in two ways.  The people who turned you over to us indicated that you had psychic potential.  We need someone with this kind of potential that we can train to be our navigator.  We also noted that you can communicate with the primitives.  This is the first time that they have turned over someone that they seemed to respect.  They seemed to know for some reason that you were not used to such a backward existence.  They knew that your belonged in a more highly technically advance civilization.  They also knew that we might be able to help you get back home while they could not.  The told us that you were from a place that you call Earth.  Maybe, John, if you can help us get back into space, we can help you get back home to Earth.  If we can’t do that, then we can at least give you a home where your talents will be more appreciated and encouraged.”


John nodded, “I might be able to help you.  I really hope you can help me.  There are a few things I need to ask you about before I can willingly contribute to you getting back into space and into this interstellar war that you are talking about.  I want to make sure that I am on the right side.  I believe in doing what is right morally.  I believe some of what you are doing is immoral and wrong.  Your goal of helping your people and getting back home does not justify some of the things that I believe are going on.”


Charles and Jenni looked at each other.  Charles indicated that Jenni should address this issue.  “I am not sure what you are talking about.  We are a morally upstanding people.  It is for the greater good that we are doing all of this.  If not for the greater goal of defending our people we would not be doing some of the things that we have had to do.  What are you talking about.  Maybe I can address your concerns.”


“I am talking about enslaving some of the primitives, keeping them away from their loved ones, overworking them to the point of complete exhaustion.  I am talking about kidnapping young children and coercing them into strange mind games.  Some of them becoming so depressed at being separated from their families to the point of suicide.  These things are completely inexcusable.”


He could tell from the look on Jenni’s face that what he said was true.  He could also tell that she was unhappy about how things were being handled.  Jenni spoke again.  “It is with regret that we do some of these things.  We do not have enough people to mine the ore that we need to repair the hull, or to make fuel.  We did not kill any children although it is true that a few did commit suicide.  I really regret that.  There is really no other way.  It is the good of the entire galaxy that we must consider here.  We are weighing the deaths of a few children and primitives on this planet versus the deaths of billions in an interstellar war.”


Now Charles spoke, “We are training and examining the children because of our need for a navigator.”


John looked puzzled.  “Why would a child be trained as navigator.  It will take forever for them to learn and grow to perform a task like that.  I can only imagine the kind of math and physics that would be required to perform a job like that.  And how psychic abilities are important I haven’t even got a clue.  Something seems really strange about all that.  They are only children.”


“That is where we thought that you had the largest potential of helping us, John.  We must have a navigator.  It is not the math that is that hard.  We can train the children in the math, science, and astrophysics necessary for navigation.  The heavy lifting on that is done by the ship’s computer. Although you need an education in all of those areas, the navigator does not do any of the calculations manually.  The navigator needs a rough idea of the science and a special psychic potential that has been developed to the utmost.  The primitives who brought you indicated that you had psychic potential.  We also know that you seem at least more educated than the primitives here.  Like I said we can train you in the sciences.  What we need is the psychic abilities that you may possess.  We must first test you to see if you have the raw potential to perform as navigator.”


“I still do not understand how psychic ability figures into this.  I also have never felt I had any psychic abilities until I got to this planet and now have some way of reading and sending thoughts at some level.  I think one of the primitive people’s witch doctors may have made some kind of adjustment to my mind at this level.”


Charles told him, “The navigator uses a special psychic talent to bend space time and move the ship at faster than light speeds.  The ships FTL engine is an amplifier for a mind with this potential.”


“Wow.  I’m sorry.  You guys have blown my mind.  First I find out that ESP or something might actually be real.  I can almost believe that.  Since I have gotten here and the old man made some kind of adjustment to my mind, I know there is something to it.  I think maybe minds can broadcast thoughts and other minds can pick up on that.  I can definitely believe that because I now have experienced that directly, but to imagine that a mind can bend space time and move a ship full of people at interstellar distances at faster than light speeds.  That is just incredible.  Also to think that there is some kind of machine that can amplify psychic phenomenon.  That too is incredible.”


Jenni told him that it was true.  There are those with the psychic potential to bend space time.  They may even be able to do it unaided to small objects or even themselves.  She had seen it done without a psychic amplifier on several occasions.  “I have seen our navigator do it as a demonstration, that is before his injuries.  He is unable to do it at this point.  He still has some abilities, but he took a hard hit to the head in addition to other injuries.  He is unable to stabilize the warp enough to reliably transfer anything through it.  After a few exercises we know for sure that a human life cannot be risked.  They would be torn to bits by an unstable wormhole.  That is not something we can afford.  There are so few of us left now anyway.”


“How many?”


“Including myself and Charles, there are 38 of the crew remaining.  A full crew is around one hundred.  We still have enough to manage the day to day operations of a large ship, but just barely.  And, like we told you, we cannot fully operate the ship without a fully functioning navigator.”


John said, “There is no way that I can bend space time.  Not unless you think the local shaman could make some kind of adjustment to my mind.  I hope you aren’t even contemplating that.”


“No, we weren’t considering you for that role.  What we need is a liason between us and the locals.  We know that we have gone about this wrong.  We need to find a navigator and it is not going to happen with the mental state of the potential candidates we have found.  The children are scared and very difficult to control.  We know that you have a high functioning mind.  You have a bit of psychic potential as do all the inhabitants of this planet.  We know you can learn and function within our society and that you are out of place within the primitive society on this planet.  We know you can communicate with them.  You can communicate with us.  We need you to help us smooth things over somehow.  We just want off this world.  We need to return to our people.  They need us.”


“How on Earth do you expect me to be able to do that?  I strongly disagree with the way you are treating these people.  There has got to be a better way.  There has got to be a way for you to help each other.  There has got to be a way to do this without kidnapping children and forcing them to perform for you.”


“Show us how, John.  If you think there is another way.”


“I will need to think about this.  I don’t have a solution off the top of my head, but there has got to be a way.”


“Until then we can introduce you around, show you the children, and continue your education in science, math, and astrophysics.  If we find a navigator candidate, we will need you to help us train them.  Tomorrow we will introduce you to our navigator.  For now you can return to your room and think about it.  We need a solution quickly.  Time is of the essence.  If you cannot help us smooth things over and find a way to do this more peaceably, then there are those among us that want to resort to more drastic measures.  I can’t bear to think about it.”


They lead John back to his room.  They still locked the door on their way out.


That night, Marie dreamed again.  In the dream she returned once again to the grassy area with the stone circle.  Only one of the women was there.  She looked as beautiful as she had in her first vision.  She knew this time once again that the dream was real in a manner of speaking.  She knew that the women were real and that their mission was real.  There were still rumors of the abductions and once again her father and departed quickly with some of his men.  They were probably attempting to track the ships to find out where they were taking the children.


“You must leave immediately,” said the woman gravely.  “You are now in danger.  The newcomers have machines that can interact, detect, and amplify psychic signals.  We have seen that they are narrowing in on your area.  We have seen that your talents are increasing.   You have done well training on your own.  It is now time to leave and come here where we can help you to bring your talent to its potential.  We will need you to help us to drive off the newcomers.  Leave now.  Travel light.  You will find us by going south.  Take refuge in the towns and villages by night.  Do not stay longer than a single night in each town.  We will tell you each night where to continue your journey the next day.”


“Why can’t you tell me where you are.  I don’t want to take off on a journey into the unknown.  You might not even be real.”


“We are real and the threat to you, your people, and our entire world is real.  We will not tell you yet where we are because you might be captured.  They have ways of getting information out of anyone.  We will not tell you now.  The journey is a long one.  Start now.”


“I believe you.  I don’t know why, but I do.  I will do as you ask if it is for the good of my people and our world.”


Marie awakened in the night.  Every detail of her dream remained crystal clear in her memory.  When she awoke, she believed the woman in the dream even more strongly.  She knew deep in her heart that what the woman told her was true.  She got up, dressed quietly, grabbed a few belongings and headed out the door.  She went down to the kitchen and packed some food.  She took one of the kitchen knives with her as well.


That was when it hit her.  This would not be enough to make it any distance.  How would she pay for her lodging?  Her meals?  This was a crazy notion.  There was no way she could do it.  She might as well go back to bed and let them find her.  They could just abduct her for all she cared.  That thought scared her immensely.  She felt strongly drawn to the flower crowned women who spoke to her in her dreams.  She felt just as repelled by the thought of technological newcomers and their flying ships capturing her for experimenting with her psychic abilities.  She thought for a moment and then realized what she could do.  She would slip into the princesses quarters and take some of her jewelry.  The princess had so much that she would hardly miss a few pieces.  Marie helped the princess get dressed every morning and knew exactly where her jewelry was and which pieces she would not miss.


She stashed her food in a corner of the pantry then started toward the princess’s quarters.  Progress was painfully slow because she didn’t want to make any noise.  She did not want to wake anyone, or rouse the interest of any of the guards.  She made it to the girls room unnoticed.  Now came the hardest part.  She was definitely at the risk of waking the princess.  She slowly entered her room and walked over to the dressing table.  She was very relieved to have made it that far.  Now all she had to do was grab a few items and get out of there.  She opened one of the boxes and peered inside.  The light was very dim, but she felt she recognized a few of the pieces.  She grabbed one that she had been interested in and pulled it out.  In her haste, she had not realized that another piece was stuck to it.  As soon as she got it out of the box, the other piece detached and fell to the floor.  She immediately stood very still.  She held her breath.  She hoped as hard as she could that no one had heard it.  Just when she had decided that no one had and was about to move, the princess roused.


“Who is there?”  The princess sat up in bed.


Damn her, thought Marie.  If she would have just stayed asleep for a little while longer, she would have been gone.


“It is me, miss.  It is Marie, your servant.  I was just trying to get an early start on laying out your things for today.”  She had said it in as much of a whisper as possible.  She did not want to get the attention of anyone else, but she didn’t want the princess to think anything underhanded was going on.


“That’s crazy, Marie.  You know it is the middle of the night.  I have never known you to start this early.  The sunrise is a long way off.  Go back to bed and come back in later.  I still need some sleep.  This was not an intelligent decision, Marie, but I know that you are a poor uneducated servant, so I will let it slip this once.”


Marie was quite relieved and started to go.


“Wait a minute.  I don’t believe you.  There is no way you had such a stupid foolish thought no matter how simple you are.  What are you up to Marie?”


“Nothing, miss.  Now go back to sleep.”


“You are over at my jewelry aren’t you Marie?  Are you stealing from me?   Should I shout for the palace guard?  You have been caught red handed.  There is no way that you can get away with this.  Are you that poor, Marie?  Do we not feed you well?  Do we not pay you well?”


“No, miss.  I am not stealing.”  Marie paused to think for a moment.  There was no way that she could lie her way out of this one.  She had been caught red-handed just as the princess had said.  She could just let her call the guard, or take the long shot of telling her what she was actually doing.  With little hope of success, Marie began to do just that.


It was hard to fathom, but the princess listened.  She seemed to understand what Marie was telling her.  She did not call the guard.


“Show me,” the princess said.


“What do you mean?”


“Show me your talent.”


“You won’t report me.”


“Not if what you say is true.”


“Okay,” said Marie.   She walked over and lit a candle from the coals in the fire pit.  Then she held out her hand with the palm open.  The ring that she had taken lay in the center of her palm.


“Hey, that was my favorite ring.  You were stealing that from me.”


“Listen here, Stephanie.  You and I both know that you had completely forgotten this ring.  In all of the time that I have been serving you, I have never seen you wear it even once.  Now hush and watch this.


Marie stilled her mind.  She had never performed like this for anyone.  She had never performed under this kind of pressure.  Maybe it had all been in her imagination.  Maybe she was losing her mind.  She concentrated intently, and kindled the mind twisting feeling that invoked her telekenetic ability.  She was rewarded by the sight of the ring hovering inches above her hand.


“Is that for real?  Is that a trick?”  Stephanie’s eyes were opened very wide.  There was a definite look of incredulity on her face.  The princess’s view of this simple servant girl had changed immensely in a single moment.


“It is not a trick,” said Marie flatly.


“I’m going with you.”


“What?”


“I’m going with you.  If you are going to march off on a exciting mission to save my people, my kingdom, or even our world., I am coming along.  This all sounds like so much fun.  I can’t wait to meet the beautiful ladies you told me about.  I can help you get there.  You really don’t think you can do something like this alone do you.  If you do, then you are even slower than I thought.


Marie was stuck.  For now she had to agree to take Stephanie with her.  Later, she might figure out a way to leave her behind.  For now, the important thing was to get out of the castle and get as far from the castle as they could before anyone realized they were gone.


“Okay,” Marie said very quietly.  “Yay,” said Stephanie and she bounced on the balls of her feet and clapped.  “Keep it down,” said Marie.  “We don’t want to get caught.”


“First I need to pack,” said Stephanie as she gathered some things and put them in a bag.  Marie had expected her to pack ball gowns, but it seemed that the princess had some sensible clothing.  It was mostly her riding gear.  That was one of the few times that she wasn’t dressed up.  She also packed money.  She had a pretty good stash that Marie was unaware of until now.


The princess got dressed in front of Marie as she was accustomed to doing.  She removed her nightgown and was totally nude for a moment.  Marie was so envious of Stephanie’s figure.  She was so tall and slender.  At least, she thought, my breasts are much more developed.  She knew that the two of them were the same age, sixteen.  It was strange how she had matured so much quicker.


After she had packed and dressed Stephanie said, “I shall leave a note for father.”


The not said,


Father,


We have gone on an adventure to save the kingdom.


Your loving daughter,
Stephanie
